I'm quite happy with this purchase. It reminds me of things I bought in the past which I wasn't sure I needed, but once I started using them, wondered why I had waited so long.I've turned Deebot N79 loose a half-dozen times now, and I'm amazed to see how much cat hair, sand, dust bunnies and who knows what gets packed into the little waste container. Over and over. Where is all that coming from? I vacuum with a Eureka standup unit, but Deebot is finding a ton of detritus that has always been missed!I've watched it disappear under low end tables and thought, "uh, oh, I'm going to have to rescue it from that tight space", and then it whirs, reverses, backs, jogs, tilts, and exits the maze and keeps on cleaning. I've been observing the work done by high school students in the field of robotics, and I can see this area is changing our lives, and will do so much, much more in the future. I wonder if I can get a driverless Uber car to deliver one of these Deebot's to my relatives....Note to those who have trouble connecting it to their home wifi network:  I had the same problem, but found I needed to stand very close (4-5 feet) to the unit when I started the network sync up, then everything went smoothly.Attached is today's image of when I left the front door open while I was working on the computer. Deebot climbed over the big threshold and accepted the challenge of cleaning the whole world. I was blissfully unaware it had escaped until I heard distant beeps of distress. I went outside and found it had jammed while trying to suck up lava rocks under the hibiscus tree. I wonder if anyone has ever lost one of these units, and if they are wandering alone down some neighborhood street, doing their best to fulfill their purpose.,I was very skeptical about how good this could be at the price point it is at. For years I have wanted a Roomba, but the price and battery life has kept me away. Also the fact that Roombas are well known to not do a great job on carpet unless you buy the really expensive one and even then some people complain. All of the amazing reviews on this and it's re-labeled clone (Eufy) convinced me to give it a try.Upon arrival I unboxed it and noted the high quality engineering, extra side brushes and spare filter. A nice touch! The included remote requires a couple of AAA batteries, which I had. I peeled the protection stickers off and hit 'Auto' on the remote to see what it could do. I was amazed at how well this avoids people, pets and furniture!  I let it run for about 30 minutes, then checked the pickup bin and was horrified at the amount of stuff this thing got off my man-cave carpet. It wasn't more than two days prior I vacuumed with my Dyson!Next I placed the recharger down on the carpet against a wall and decided to let it go for a full cycle and see if it would find its recharger. After about 2 hours it made it's way to the charger and I found the first minor flaw of this.. The charging station should have a weight in it to improve stability, especially on carpet. Not a huge deal of course, but added a small 1-2lb piece of metal in the bottom would really improve the feel and stability of the station. Anyway, the 2 hour cycle ran and it found it's way back to charge. Presto! Reluctantly I decided to check the catch bin and again was horrified at the amount of debris it picked up.. Where did it find all of those toenail clippings???Protip: The indentation on the charging station is a holder for the remote! Keep it there, so you don't lose it.Once my wife got home and saw it in action she took it upstairs to the main floor. After it fully charged she ran it through the 2 hour cycle and you guessed it.. Stacks of debris in the bin, filled to the top. My wife was 100% impressed with how incredibly well it cleaned our first floor - a mix of rugs and hardwood. Subsequent runs of it we noted how amazing it was at avoidance. But more importantly, we loved how it whisked around chair and table legs grabbing pet hairs and debris that gets caught on the bottom of the legs. Perfecto!It's at this point I realized it was a keeper and decided to install the APP. (Android) I had great difficulty getting the Deebot to connect to the app then realized why - I had AP Isolation on between SSID's.. Remember, you will run into the same issue if you run isolated SSID's or Guest Networks! The device MUST be on the same SSID and be able to communicate on the same Subnet. Alternatively, you can put the Deebot into WLAN mode and connect directly to it from your phone/app using it's built in hotspot.  Sadly, this is a 2.4g device only - they should add a 5Ghz radio to it as soon as possible - next model maybe? Anyway, once paired up, it's fantastic and the control from the app is great. Also the Deebot gives you status updates on the app as it goes about it's business! (Cleaning, Returning to Charger, Charging, Stuck, etc)The scheduling works perfect, right on time the Deebot will run through it's scheduled cleaning time, hands off.. Every single time it will return to the charger as it starts to run dry. Perfectly. Frankly, I have zero to complain about with this little guy. So much so, I purchased a second one a couple days later since my wife refused to give up the little guy for the main floor.The amount of time this will save is ridiculous. We have a dog and a cat, and kids.. We literally have to vacuum everyday to keep the house feeling and looking clean. With this guy? Schedule it and forget about it... Maybe once a month use the normal vacuum to touch things up but otherwise forget it and let it do its job.. I can imagine saving hundreds of hours of work over a year or two AND having a much cleaner home. One thing my wife noticed - the house 'feels' cleaner, fresher air, less dust.. Probably a result of the extensive cleaning and filtration of the air. As for maintaining it - once a week  you will need to use the included tool to cut the pet hairs out of the brush (if you have pets). When you first start using it you will need to empty the catch bin every single time. As your home gets cleaner you'll be able to go without emptying it for a day or two.Be warned, even if you are a clean freak, this will shock you with how much it picks up! You, like everyone else is in for a rude awakening and the realization that these things actually do clean better than you do. Get one!Update: I've had the second one running twice over the last 24 hours. I think it's possible I got a defective one as the battery run time is about half of the other one. However there is one huge difference between these - the one on the main floor battery lasts a LONG time - at least hours but the main floor is hardware and some low-pile rugs. The lower floor is 100% 'lower' pile carpet. I'm seriously wondering if the carpet is causing the battery to run out quicker - the robot certainly has to work much harder on the carpet. I am working with support to look into these issues.,We have a mixture of laminate floors, tile and carpet in our house, and we have 4 cats and 2 dogs that continuously shed so keeping the floors clean is a challenge.I am so pleased with it. It is very quiet you can barely hear it so I can use it whenever I want and no one complains. It is so quiet you can even watch TV or listen to music while you vacumn the room. It does a great job picking up pet hair and other dirt that has gotten down in your carpet. The side sweepers ensure that the floor along your baseboards is also cleaned and due to it's small size it can go under beds and desk where upright vacuums can't reach. I love everything about it and would be hard pressed to pick a favorite aspect it's everything you could want in a vacumn quiet and efficient.I use the DEEBOT about 3 times a week to clean the entire house and it keeps my floors super clean. I use the Spot Option every day to pick up the cardboard from the cat scratcher that my cat shreds, it's super easy to direct it to the spot I want cleaned and let it do it's thing. The DEEBOT is very easy to empty and the trash bin holds a lot for such a tiny vacumn  and the filters are easy to clean, they even provide you with a special tool to clean the filters and roller.It has no problem transitioning from the laminate to the carpet or the tile and I am even able to leave my rugs out. It vacuums them nicely without any problems. It does a great job going around things and under the dining room chairs. You can control it with both the remote that comes with it (needs 3A batteries) or with an app on your phone.One small problem, the switch to send it automatically vacuuming is on the top and is very sensitive,  my cat has stepped on it a time or two and turned it on. For most people this wouldn't be a problem, who wouldn't mind getting an extra floor cleaning, but I worry about cords being left out or the cat's toys getting stuck in it. I solved the problem by turning it off, it still charges but the cats can't step on it and sending it zooming around in automatic mode.The app is easy to download but it doesn't work in 5G. It wasn't a problem for me as I am able to switch to our 2.4G network whenever I want to use the app. Most of the time I use the remote as it is easy to use.  The app does have some nice features on it. It shows how much battery life is left, it also shows when you need to replace the filters and brushes and it shows your scheduled cleaning tasks. You are also able to rename the DEEBOT N79 if you want.,This is our third attempt at a robo vac.  A Roomba 960 kept getting trapped in corners in our family room, so it went back.  A Neato was doa, so also a return.  This one is a keeper.I was reluctant to make a third attempt, and in my search I was focused on "smart" models that map the space, rather than not so smart ones that rely on extended operation to ensure complete coverage with random patterns.  I was on the verge of going for a new Samsung model that solved a major problem -- the older models were too tall -- when I came across this item.Two things caught my attention.  One was the price, which was less than half the Samsung model I was considering.  The other was the five five-star reviews, which then turned into 8, then13, all with none lower.  What had struck me about robovac reviews before is that no matter how much some reviewers gushed over a certain model, there were usually a goodly number of neutral and sometimes negative reviews.  Not with the N79.  Those two things changed my mind.This is one of the not so smart types, though it is smarter than some.  It has a sensor that detects obstacles ahead and slows down, then changes course to avoid contact.  Mostly, at least.  It seems to have difficulty seeing very dark or black objects.  In those cases it will make gentle contact, but its front bumper then sends it along in a different direction.The only other drawback worth mentioning is that this little guy can choke on long rug fringes.  No harm done, but you will need to set him free if your home has any of these.  Shorter fringes are not problematic.Everything else is A+.  It is surprisingly quiet.  I ran it this morning while my wife was sleeping, and she was unaware that I had done so.  It's sweeper brushes work well to pull in the bits and pieces that "decorate" our dark-stained hardwood floors.  The dust bin is an adequate size, the filters are very effective, and it seems to run a good long while on a charge.  The remote is very effective.  I haven't used the app (as with some others, it requires access to parts of the phone's data that seems somewhat invasive, though I doubt any of the data gets back to Ecovacs, it's just a matter of the software design, still).  As of now, it works fine without it., and I'll probably never download it.Our home is a traditional layout, with living and dining rooms off of a central hallway, which leads to a kitchen/eating area in the back, with a den off of that.  This guy wanders fairly easily from room to room.  I haven't let it run until it was out of juice, so I can't say that it will always find its way back to recharge, but an occasional assist in that regard, if needed, is a minor annoyance.The review that mentioned how great customer service is was dead on.  I was having difficulty registering mine online, but an email to support was answered in about 90 minutes, explaining that that page on the site was down, with a solution on the way.  I admit that is a small thing, but small things can matter, too.The extra filter and brushes are a nice touch, and the batteries that are supposed to come for the remote were missing, as another reviewer noted.  Anyone using one of these devices will surely have a couple of spare AAAs around to fill that gap.It's unclear to me how deeply this cleans a carpet, or for that matter how deeply any of them do.  It probably isn't as effective as a traditional manual vacuum.  An occasional manual vacuuming is probably a good idea.In short, this device is not the 100% solution to floor care, but it will greatly reduce how much time and effort you spend keeping your floors and rugs clear of dust and such.,Review after 1 days of use. I will continue to compare in the next few weeks.======================I originally bought the M80 because a few friends had it. I was getting a little frustrated at the height of it because it kept getting stuck in various places. However, it turns out that the M79 is the one that suits me since I have a mix of carpet and tile in the same location. I won't be using the mopping feature at all in the M80. I tested the M79 along side with my iRobot 655 in the same room. I started them at the same time and let them run its course. To my surprise, N79 collected slightly more dust than the iRobot! N79 did end up riding up the base of a floor fan and getting stuck there so it might not be a fair comparison. However, the fact that N79 may have stopped prematurely and yet still collected slightly more dust was pretty impressive. I would like to see how they compare when both of them run its full course. +1 for N79The noise level is also a big difference. I usually cannot talk on the phone while the iRobot is on. However, with the N79, I won't even be afraid to talk on a conference call! I probably won't even notice it is still running if I was busy doing something. +1 for N79Design. N79 is very sleek in design. If you look at my picture, N79 is thinner and smaller than my robust Roomba. +1 for N79 This review is just based on 1 run. I have a very busy schedule at work so I will retest next week or so. I just wanted to review today because of how surprised I am. I can actually see the potential in this robotic vacuum company. I will update a review later after a few more comparisons. The company also have great customer service. They are very responsive to your questions and they definitely take pride in their products.,I bought this Deebot because of the good reviews.  I wish I could say I had the same experience as other customers, but I very much did not.The Deebot ran fine for about two weeks.  At that point, it started sending out the beeping warnings.  Each time I would look up what the beep meant, and correct the problem.  (Deebot has about 8 different sorts of signals it can send out to tell you what the problem is)  Depending on what the beeps were, within a few days I had cleaned then replaced the side brushes, thoroughly cleaned the dust bin and filters, thoroughly cleaned the main brush... the Deebot came with spares for some of those parts, so for example I completely changed the side brushes to a new set, but was still getting the beeps to clean the side brushes.Okay, so I got a bad Deebot, sometimes that happens.I called Customer Service and got sent to voicemail.  I got a return phone call the next day to assist me with troubleshooting it, but I was at work (as some of us have jobs) and so nothing could be done at that point.  I called them the next day and got voice mail, and called the day after and got voice mail.  No one ever returned my call.  After that, I sent an email explaining the problem.  I got a return email saying they would send a new Deebot, and would email me a label for the box to send the old one back, and could I please provide some info to them (like the serial number).  I sent them the information they requested.  Since then I have emailed them FOUR TIMES asking for an update and have yet to receive a response.  I am still within the Amazon return window and this seems to be the only way I'm going to get any resolution to the problem.  I would have liked to have a working Deebot but I am unable to get any sort of Customer Service at all.,This little bot, I named him Rob Butt, is amazing. The first night, 4 nights ago, I let him lose and had to empty him 6 times. He pulled up dog hair from hell. I was in disbelief that my upright vacuum left my carpets so filthy. I was embarrassed. Second night was the same ordeal. 5 times I had to empty it.Here I am on night 4 of running it for the full battery time and finally I'm only having to empty it twice tonight.I have a huge downstairs. It consists of hardwood, tile, regular pile carpet, throw rugs, area rugs and many many obstacles. It transitions from all floors wonderfully. I do pick up my one shag throw rug. It does really well at not getting stuck. Out of 4 nights, it's gotten stuck 2 times and it's getting stuck under the edge of my cabinets (they're slightly too low.) Not a big deal as I'm not running it while I'm not home, however, I'd be comfortable doing so.Quiet.... This thing is surprisingly quiet, especially for the suction power it must have to clean the way it does. It's super simple to set up, clean, empty bin and program. It doesn't knock hard into my furniture, if it even touches it all most of the time. It slows way down around it due to it's amazing little sensors.Onto the amazing sensors. I took this little guy upstairs. I used him on the platform first to see if he'd take a plunge. Nope. I let him clean the platform and then I took him all the way up. He did fantastic. He didn't fall at all and was really careful close to the edge of the stairs. I was really impressed with this features and the fact it worked so well.It will re-dock itself after cleaning with absolutely no issue.I'm not sure why I waited so long to own one of these amazing bots. I did a month of research choosing the correct bot. Believe me, Rob Butt, has not disappointed.I did go ahead and purchase extra side brushes and filters. I was surprised to see that it actually came with a replacement for each.I attached pics so you can get an idea of size, types of flooring he has done awesome on for me and the point where he's gotten stuck.Do yourself a favor and just go ahead and pick one of these up. You won't be disappointed., I wish I could say it picked up this much only on the first day but I'd be lying.  I am amazed by how much stuff this things gets even though I have all hard-surface floors that look relatively clean.  I went to go mop yesterday and didn't even have to sweep first.  Why didn't I get this years ago?  It's truly amazing and for the price I can't imagine anything more expensive doing a better job.  I'm a simple person and haven't even used the features or gotten the app.  I just put it on auto when I leave and I come back to amazing floors.Update: I still LOVE it!  I even got one for a friend. They also work as an entertainment device for toddlers and dogs alike!,Update: These guys need 6 stars for their customer service. Got an unexpected email from ecovacs customer service apologizing for not including batters with the remote (I just thought it didn't come with any no big deal). They issues me a $5 refund for not including the batteries, who does that!!Unreal! This is one of their latest models. App works flawlessly and wouldn't want to own a vacuum without it. Can control all aspects of the vacuum with the app. Also locate the vacuum and keep up with maintenance via app.First cleaning the battery lasted over an hour and half will be interesting to see how it holds up.Customer service is amazing! Emailed asking for a PDF copy of the user manual and received a response within minutes with a link to the guide.Now the best part, how it cleans. For what it is it's excellent!  It literally FILLED it's bin on the first run, this after vacuuming with a regular vacuum a couple days ago. This would be due to it being low enough to run under beds and other areas usually left uncleaned.,Pros:Decent run timePicks up hair and small debris well with rotating beater brush and front-side sweepsQuietHandles room transitions and differing terrain very wellDoes not get caught on objects unless an obvious hazardDocks itselfBoth remote control and wifi app controlCons:Does not map room or learn, randomTakes a long time to find its baseI picked this vac up on a deal of the day and am happy with it. I even bought another one for our upstairs. It does a darn good job of getting cat hair off my travertine floors. And love the ability to control via the app. The Roomba app contol model is like $900 right now which is absurd considering no robotic vac works perfectly or completely replaces a human-held vacuum. Ecovacs app is OK. You can schedule when you want it to run, change its direction, check its status, check accessory life and change it's name. It does not send push notifications so if it gets stuck and you're not home to hear the error beeping, you won't know. The only time mine has gotten stuck is on a ribbon cat toy and a very thin usb cord left unplugged on the floor. It does not map out the room but I don't mind because of the price, long run time, and the fact that many mapping robots have issues when chairs and such get moved anyway. The N79 does have a sensor to avoid bumping into things and does a good job with that on most objects. But very dark colored furniture legs will get bumped (just as my old Roomba did) because sensors never work on very dark objects. It has some protection on the front for bumping but I added a thick piece of foam weatherstripping so I don't hear it bump at all. It had no problem with my area rugs which range from thin to 1/2" thick. I have no fringe, tighter weaves - no shag. Small, light rugs like bath mats will get moved, however it did not try to eat my floor length drapes. Unfortunately, it often takes a very long time to find its base unless right next to it. It also lost its wifi connection once. I had to run setup new device in the app again and it recognized itself., UPDATE: Ecovacs' customer support was very helpful. They replaced the N79. I received it a few days ago. I would give their customer service 5 stars; I'm giving the actual product 3 stars because of the first one's failure and also it gets stuck in places that I would expect it could easily get out from. I've asked their customer service for tips to keep the N79 from getting stuck. I'll update the review if something changes. Worked well for two months, then started to malfunction. It permanently marked up my floor because it got stuck and wouldn’t stop moving the wheels. It won’t start now because of. “Sidebrush malfunction”. I’m contacting them for warranty support.UPDATE: ECOVACS has been very helpful and quick, responding shortly after I contacted them. They are going to be sending me a new one. Per their email:“We are sorry to hear your Deebot is not working properly. We will gladly send you a replacement unit as soon as possible.”,Purchased in July of 2017 and had nothing but great results. Sadly, it stopped working this week. It was in the middle of a cycle one day and just stopped. Didn't let out any noise, just completely went out. I assumed it wasn't fully charged. Attached it to the dock, and wasn't greeted with the blue blinking lights. I assumed the dock was dirty/eroded so I attempted to clean it off as well as the connectors on the N79 itself. Still got nothing. I did a full clean of the N79, switched sockets for the dock and was finally met with the blue flashing light for about two seconds for it to go completely off again. Attached the charge cord directly into the device in hopes it was the connector, no lights again. Deebot N79 had not ran into any water or other questionable substance. Just kind of kicked the bucket. I have attempted to reach out to ECOVACS via email and was not greeted with any response, as I know the device holds a year warranty. The lack of customer service is frustrating, and while this one worked great at first, I contemplated purchasing ANOTHER to see if it was just my luck with this device. Since it has been almost a week now with no response, I will not be getting another and am instead looking into a Roomba or Neato.,I love this vacuum! I have only had it 4 days but I can tell a major difference! I vacuumed 2 days before I got it using my Dyson and I ran it twice and had to empty it twice the first day I turned it on. I own a chocolate lab and she sheds constantly so I vacuum often. So far I have ran this vacuum daily and it has picked up spots I couldn't get to and areas my Dyson must have failed to pick up. It fits under all of my furniture and does well on my carpet floors. I was hesitant to buy it since I wasn't familiar with the brand but I am so glad I did! I love that it is connected to my wifi and I can turn it on with the app on my phone at any time or I can set up a cleaning schedule. You can hear it running, but it is very quiet! The company is great, they forgot to include batteries for the remote. I never even noticed, but they caught the error and made it right. Highly recommend purchasing!, This is my first time purchasing a robotic vacuum. I absolutely love it! So far, I have only run it handful of times, but it has been extremely worth it considering the value for the price. I work the crazy amount of hours, so doing household chores can be exhausting after a long day.  I like having a tidy house, so having this helper cuts down on the stress.I live in a one-bedroom apartment with two cats. The bedroom has carpet, but the rest of the apartment is hard floor. The bot is able to pick up quite a bit of hair with each clean.  The dirt collection reservoir is somewhat small, but it's expected for robot of this size. The battery life is good after it is fully charged.  So far I have run it for 1 to 2 hours and the battery has not died yet. The robot has a random pattern when running on auto, so it may not catch everything. I have included a video of the robot cleaning the bathroom to show a little bit of the random pattern and it's ability to navigate between rugs & hard flooring.  Sometimes it gets stuck on hard-to-navigate corners, and you'll hear a distinct beep when it needs to be rescued.  I think it's very important to keep in mind with these guys, you have to be pretty tidy to begin with (as in not much clutter obstructing its path) for the vacuum to work best. If you're not good about keeping clutter off the floor, this may not be the best purchase for you.The remote app is easy to use, but it has logged me out, so I wish it had a feature to use Touch ID to login.  A big plus to the app is the ability to see the life of the components, like the filter, to know when they should be changed.,I've named my robot Consuela. If you watch family guy you would understand how fitting the name is. She does a great job vacuuming my floors. As a matter of fact, my floors have never been so clean in their lifetime. I have a combination of high grade laminate, tile and carpet. Consuela cleans them all wonderfully!  She has only gotten caught in very few things so far. One is my fluffy bath mat, under my computer desk (weirdly gets lost and dies) and the other is under the bed. Under the bed was my fault because I didn't realize how many lost socks, dog toys and shoes were under there until she got stuck in a sock and died. Under the bed is now clear and Consuela cleans 4 times a week throughout my 1000 sq ft home. Every time the tray is always filled! My 2 dachshunds hated Consuela at first. As time has gone, they just follow and watch her as she cleans quietly. The app is ok.... I wish it did more. Overall, this is the best $199.00 investment I could ask for! I've never owned any other vacuum like this so I can't say this one is the best ever without comparing it to others, but I can say if this is your first time buying one, buy it now!!,Good product for the price.  Power is poor on carpet but not bad if you do it everyday.  My problem is that it will not connect to our home Wifi therefore I can't use the app.After a week of used.  The rubber gasket on the brush came off and got stuck in the brush unit.  I tried to get the unit exchange through Amazon but for some reason I can only return  but not exchange for a working unit.------  Update ---I end get getting a replacement unit from the company in a very timely manner.  Great customer service there.  The second unit lasted about a month and now it is dead.  All I get is 4 beeps even though everything is clean and no obstruction anywhere.  Two units in less than two months is very worrisome.  I'm now again working with customer service for a replacement.  I end up having to take photos and video of my vacuum to send it to the company.  Maybe third time is the charm. That is why I downgraded my review to one star due to reliability of the product.,New update: after seeing my review I was contacted and they sent me a new one because of the 1yr warranty. Thank you!  Hoping this one works longer. If it does I will change my review back to 5 stars because I love this machine.Here a few months later.It now only goes around in tiny circles and shuts off after 20 seconds. I tried to contact the manufacturer and no one returned my emails. I looed for help online and found nothing. So disappointed. This vacuum is a beast. We have three teens, one long haired dog, two cats and a bird. This bot takes our mess on full force daily with no problem. As you can see from the photo we prob abuse it a little, I will be watching more carefully what's on the ground before it goes. I HIGHLY recommend this guy to anyone.,I've had a few of these things in this price range and they have all performed equally well for what I wanted (picking up dog hair on a painted concrete floor).They all do a very good job if you run them regularly. This one is the quietest of the three I've tried (you can barely hear it). I noticed that many of the parts on this unit are identical to those on the Eufy I have.I did not buy this unit for the wi-fi capability.  I've tried it, but the app is lousy. It's a gratuitous feature that was tossed in because it's ala mode these days.  It's much quicker to use the supplied remote.,My wife and I had been researching and watching lower priced robots for awhile.  Ilife, eufy, etc.  Got this at 149 on deal of the day and what a bargain!  I'd pay twice the price and be happy honestly.We have hardwood everywhere and carpet in the bedrooms.  We also own a nice shark professional vacuum and keep a clean house.  The dust this thing pulls up is insane!  Good engineering with the 'v' design on the main brush.Our two dogs shed constantly.  Both 60-80 lb mutts.  I hate wearing shoes or slippers.  I like barefeet in my house and nothing worse than hair, dirt and crumbs  on the bottom of my feet.  It drives me to sweep daily which for a bigger house can be pain and a little time consuming.  This thing has eliminated the need for that!  You will still need to deep clean but day to day this thing works amazing!It can handle our big pile carpet for the dogs paws near our back door without a problem every single time.  Transitions from carpet to hardwood flawlessly.  The remote is very functional.  App kind of sucks with connectivity but I don't care because the remote rocks.  It has wedged itself stuck only twice in a week, once on the floor in front of the fireplace which is elevated and another in corner against something.Honestly, if you're sick of cleaning floos daily just buy it.  Don't waste money on Roomba or Dyson.,I received this unit three days ago, and I have been posting so much about it, that one of my friends wrote "I have to ask, Does this thing really work?" and this was my response...  Absolutely! My husband kept telling me to get a roomba anytime he would see it on sale, but I'm cheap, and even on sale the roomba was more than I wanted to pay. Saw this brand on Amazon, and with over 1300 reviews it had a rating of 4.4 out of 5, so I figured at $199 I would give it a shot for 30 days and return it if I wasn't happy. I haven't taken out my vacuum since Frank (what my daughter named him) arrived, and my floors are cleaner than ever. Shannon decided she wanted to program him to start running at 1 pm, so that the house would be clean when she got home from school. He runs about 2 hours on a charge and when he gets low he heads to his charger and plugs himself in, so I have him set to run at 7am and then again at 1pm. My house on the main floor is bamboo in the kitchen, dining room, living room, and hall; linoleum in the two bathrooms, and carpet in three bedrooms. He cleans them all, with no problem moving from one to the other, has sweeping brushes that get all the way to the edges and corners (even got out all the dog hair stuck under the front edge of the china cabinet), and manages to sense the stairs and not fall down. He's gotten stuck only a few times, and that was when he got wrapped up in a cord from the blinds or a stray sock on the floor. Pick him up, clean him out, and one button push and he's back on the job. He also operates on wifi, so if I'm out and realize that I need him to start cleaning, I go into the app on my phone and start him up. Best thing I've ever purchased.He even cleaned around my dog without the dog moving (pic attached).  My carpets even feel softer after Frank runs over them than they do with a full size corded vacuum.  It's like having a maid for people who can't, or won't, pay the maid's salary, and if you look at the pictures, you can see that my daughter even gave him a face...  If you are interested in this product enough to have read the reviews, then take the plunge and buy this - you will not regret it.  Don't tell my husband, but I love this so much that I'm considering a second one for my downstairs.....Shhhhhh....,UPDATED AGAINThis vacuum is pretty useless.  As recommended by the manufacturer, I have run it every day for 30 days and it continues to get stuck in areas less than 2 feet square.  This morning, it was stuck in ONE area for TWO hours.  Ridiculous.  It is worthless and does not do the job.  I have a 300 sq foot room, with few obstacles beyond furniture and it cannot get the job done.  In the photo, it never made it past the end of the chair/round table ever though the gap is 2.5 times the size of the vacuum.Spent an extra $100-200 on a Roomba.UPDATED review10/5/2017Company contacted me and explained the discovery algorithms for the robot.  I appreciate this greatly and will give the vacuum another month to see if it improves.I have one of the higher end Roomba vacs that I use downstairs.  I wanted something for the upstairs bedroom and honestly didn't want to drop another $600.  So I read the reviews and thought I'd give this one a try.  I have about a 400sq room, with standard stuff like a chair, fan, dresser, night stand, king bed etc.  No junk on the floor.  This vac basically covers about 100 Sq feet, gets confused by a floor fan and a round bottomed table and never makes it to the other side of my room (despite there being a straight path under the bed.  I watched it run in circles in about a 3 Sq foit area.  And the auto cycle runs less than 30 minutes where my Roomba seems to find enough to do for 60-90 minutes.  So I'm sorry to say that even for the money, this isn't worth it.  I'm  interested in comparing it to a less expensive Roomba and will if I can return it now  that  I've used it for a couple of weeks.,I live with 5 large parrots and high floor traffic.  Lots of dirt, dust, and feathers, not to mention the fact that parrots like to forage (throw food).  This is my first robot vacuum I've ever lived with...  The Deebot N79 has been an amazing addition!  Most of the birds ignore it, due to the air purifier in their room being louder than the Deebot, and one actively talks to it as it passes by his cage.  The floor hasn't been so cleanly swept in a loooong time (and my boyfriend and I sweep very often)!My one, minor complaint is that I'm not sure where (eventually) to get a replacement main brush, and/or second dustbin.  Not enough to remove a star, as I'm certain Ecovacs will have those replacement parts!, I love KELEX (renamed which is a fun feature). The app is very good too because is there is any issue it can identify it (I had a long lost toy mouse get swooped up).Carpets already look better than after my manually vacuuming with an animal-Dyson!The price point made me weary - that it would be 'cheap' and clunky but it's not. The roomba fever is not worth the price after going through many many reviews of all the models on the market.I have Persian rugs, cow hides and wood floor and sometimes a cable here and there. Not a problem.The cats are going to get used to it. One of them freaked at 1st.ONE problem - you can set up 'tasks' to work all week - choosing days etc. However you should clean the canister after each use. To do so it advises to turn off the robot, remote canister then turn back on - but doing so resets the tasks :/,This review will mostly be written from the perspective of someone who has had, and loved many Roombas over the years. I still love the company and their products, but when it comes to performance and value, I couldn't be any more pleased with this ECOVACS N79!Each Roomba I've had typically lasted me 3-4 years until I started needing to part it out-- a battery, a brush cage, and on and on. I've been waiting for my current one to start dying, and came across a SUPER deal on this DEEBOT over July 4th, on sale. I jumped. The reviews were positive. They weren't wrong!The Roomba that I have currently is a 639 (no longer sold, 650 is the minimum model), and I realize that both ECOVACS and iROBOT have a variety of models. I would generally call these fairly equal as far as intended usage goes.  I had a *really* hard time determining at ECOVACS website which one would be a best fit for me. It came down to wifi, not needing something for pets, and mobile app support. This model had just what I needed.Unpacking was fairly uneventful and felt very similar to my experience with Roombas. There is an on/off switch on this unit that is meant to be left "on" at most times, other than during maintenance. Initial charge was meant to be 4 hours, which I heeded, and ended up charging over night.One of the first things I realized that I liked was that it had brushes on both sides of the unit! Great! I also programmed it to get on my wifi, which was easy, and works with no issues. I set up the mobile app on my phone even before the unit arrived. The included remote control works fine as well.Upon first "run" I was *shocked* at how quiet the unit is compared to my Roomba. It has a quiet whirr that's relaxing, rather than a high pitched whiny grind of a high RPM gearbox on the Roomba. I was afraid this might mean it was less powerful, but I was wrong!I did two tests-- letting this unit clean my living room, kitchen (open space), then running the Roomba after to clean up, and doing this in reverse in another room. My conclusion was that the Roomba had almost nothing to pick up after the Deebot, but the Deebot did pick up more after the Roomba in the other room. I would generally call the cleaning power relatively equivalent.There are some things that the Deebot is better at, and a couple that it's worse. The only three that I was able to identify that were worse:1.  Unjimmying himself out of a tough situation-- such as having run up on a domed base of the home theater speaker pole, or getting wedged between the couch and the foot stool where the legs are sort of staggered-- the algorithm to get out of a tough situation causes the Roomba to sort of "kick up" from the back and reorient, or after trying for so long, trying other explore methods. I didn't find these happening with Deebot. It felt like it was doing these things in the ways that older Roombas do. It didn't seem to hinder the overall cleaning situation, and it didn't give up, so that was good.2.  No voice feedback-- if something goes wrong and you can't tell what it is by looking, sometimes this gives the Roomba an edge. Telling me verbally what's wrong is helpful.3.  Emptying the dust bin-- the Roomba has a latch that opens to allow big big dust bunnies to fall out all in one piece, with no shaking more than once necessary. I miss that.There are also several things that Deebot is better at,1.  Value!!! I can't say enough about that.2.  Brush on both sides. I don't know about newer model of Roombas, maybe they have this now as well.3. Superior dirt suction-- I got a LOT of dirt out of my bedroom.4.  Superior air filtration-- I see that newer model Roombas have this as well.5.  A lot of features, including wifi, remote, dock, and mobile app all included without extra purchases, great value!6.  Far, far quieter than the Roomba I have.It looks very similar to a Roomba.  Performance is very good.  For the value, I have a hard time justifying the other brand, though I also love them! I'd have no hesitation recommending this brand/model to anyone interested in a home vacuum. It works!,I'm all for giving a product time to let me figure it out, but I already know how to work a robotic vacuum. I switched from roomba to this vac bc of price and positive reviews. However there are several issues with my vacuum that it remains to be seen whether I can resolve. First, after I emailed customer support, I learned that the instructions for programming the vacuum are incorrect in the owner's manual.  Yes, really.  Second, the app on my iPhone will not connect to the vacuum, even after customer support repeated to me the instructions in the book and on the phone screen.  Third, none of that matters, because the vacuum won't charge correctly. We'll see if this all gets corrected. If it does, I'll change the review.,Works great! Wife and I have 2 heavy shedding dogs and a cat and hard wood flooring. We run it nearly everyday and it picks up all the fur splendidly! Neither of us are lazy people but it is one less time consuming chore for us to have to worry about. Only rating 4 stars because it does require you to pick up small floor mats and rugs before running it. One of our small rugs has had the corners ruined by it. Another downside is it seems to follow no consistent path or pattern and will waste battery time on the same area needlessly. Although it always seems to cover our kitchen, dining room, and living room on a single charge. May need two charges for larger houses or more rooms though. I have not tried to use the app mode at all yet.***updated by the wife*** I LOVE THIS THING. My parents own the 'on brand' Roomba. I notice no difference between the two (except the extreme price difference).  The carpet was (mostly) my fault-- I don't have the correct grip under it. So let's not blame the vacuum. Don't hesitate any longer, If you own dogs or want to feel like a maid cleans your house daily without paying for the maid, BUY IT., Wow! Amazed by this thing! We had this for over a week now and use it daily. I will update it if anything changes. We vacuumed with our real vac really good prior to using this just to give it the true test. Let this charge for 4 hours then decided to start it. Not going to lie the bluetooth / app was not the easiest to set up as it had trouble connecting but it eventually did connect and was fine. It went around the house for 30 minutes and I paused it just to check the dust tray. It was half full( see picture) Unbelievable! I let it go another hour until I saw the red on it. For some reason it was not going back to its station on its own to recharge and hoping that was just a glitch or me being paranoid and not giving it a chance. I have its home in the middle of our house so not sure.update: it goes back on it's own now only happened 2x!  Anyway for the money this cant be beat not to mention far better reviews than the roomba which is why i ultimately chose this guy and I was closely looking at the roomba! What got me to switch to this one was the battery life and the price! One thing the remote did NOT come with batteries. Make sure you have AAA batteries on hand or you will not be able to use the remote.Video of the dogs meeting it for the first time :)** a little frustrated I paid $199 not even 2 weeks ago and it went down to $149 5 days later and they won't price match it not to mention I've personally referred this and had 3 people mke purchases for it at the $149., UPDATE 8/23/2017:I wanted to post a quick update that customer service has been excellent, and they have been working hard to try and develop solutions to my issues.  (And the delay in resolving the issue sooner is almost entirely attributable to my schedule)  We are still working through the process, but I am cautiously optimistic.  Despite my issues, they certainly stand behind their product and are available promptly by both phone and email.ORIGINAL REVIEW: No idea how this has such high reviews. It cleans decently well... for the maybe 5 minutes before it inevitably gets stuck on something stupid.Now, this is not my first robot vacuum. I owned a Roomba for years and so I am familiar with their quirks. I understand that small toys etc need to be picked up or else they will get sucked up and likely cause it to jam.However, the Deebot has the ability to get stuck on or under literally everything. Chairs. Coffee tables. Desks. These are basic furniture that it should be able to avoid. Keep in mind, I have a relatively open, single-story home with very basic furniture. My furnishings are not an anomaly.Watch my linked video. The Deebot made a beeline from its cradle straight to that chair, bounced into it for a minute, then turned off. I hit the power button again, and it just say there and did the same thing.Seriously? It couldn't figure out to turn around and go the other way? My Roomba from YEARS ago had a more effective bumper avoidance system. Whole this is a cheaper product, it also has years (supposedly) of experience to build on.It's unfortunate because it is quite quiet. It's easy to setup with the app. Suction appears to be good.It's just so painfully stupid that it borders on useless. I'll keep my fingers crossed for firmware/software improvements, but until then I cannot recommend this product....and in the time I was typing this review it got stuck AGAIN -- this time under a desk it can apparently go under but not continue. Sigh.,I've owned one Roomba and two Neato robotic vacuums over the years.  This vacuum is far better in some ways and not-so-much in others.  Below I've summarized the pros and cons of this vacuum.  Overall, I am very happy with it for the purpose it's used for (my hardwood floors downstairs).Pros:-Great Price-Superior Battery Life.  I will run for over an hour on a single charge.-Very good at cleaning corners and close to the wall trim (on hardfloors).  This unit doesn't leave a speck of dust or a hair on the floor when it's finished.-Very quiet operation.  When I first ran the vacuum, it was so quiet I thought it wasn't operating properly.Cons:-Not good on pile carpeting.  This unit works best on hard floors or very short carpeting only.  I tried it on medium pile carpet one day and the roller was bound with pet hair and the bin wasn't filled (wasn't able to pick up much debris).-Sometimes gets stuck on throw rugs.  This is irritating when it's a scheduled cleaning and I can't correct it.  In this circumstance, it will simply try to break-free for several minutes and then shutdown.-Small dust bin - I do have pets so this might be part of the problem .  I clean out the bin after every 1 or 2 uses.-On hard flooring, if the charging dock is not secured on the floor, the dock will slide around when the vacuum tries to return to the base.  Sometimes, the unit will move the dock enough while trying to connect that it will shift the base in an awkward orientation so that it will not be able to connect and recharge until I can correct the issue.The unit is not perfect but is close and I am very happy with it.  The best robot vacuum I've owned so far.,Update: ecovacs replaced the unit immediately. Very responsive customer service. New unit is working.Orig: Really enjoyed this unit for a very short period. Used it primarily to pick up stray kitty litter crumbs- very light duty. I have other vacuums I use for most of the regular cleaning. But as if on schedule- just a week outside of the return period, the Deebot N79 just gave up- reports a side brush malfunction. So I unscrewed both and found a single hair  loosely wrapped around one- see photo. I carefully replaced the brushes and now the unit won't run- just keeps reporting a side brush malfunction. Powered on and off many times, tried to run it with the hand remote, the iphone app and manually with the buttons on top of the unit. All yield same malfunction. The side brushed spin freely so I don't know why this has disabled this otherwise fine bot. Very disappointed- kitties have nothing to occupy their days. My irobot lasted years without any trouble., I am quite happy with this purchase.  I thought a long time about getting a robotic vacuum of some type, and I'm happy I want with this one.  First of all a little bit about my house, I have a large house about 3500 square ft.  It is single level mostly tile and laminate w/one room that has low pile carpet. I have three cats and two dogs--a lot of hair!!  I do not have a lot of furniture or clutter.I was mainly looking for something to decrease the daily or twice daily sweeping of fur.  I have been picking up electrical cords prior to running this just like I would if I was vacuuming myself.  I have not used it on the pre-set schedule setting, I just take it room to room and run it on auto. I've been really pleased with how it works I especially like when it goes along the edges of the room, it picks up an amazing amount with its brushes.  It gets under the bed and under the couch, and has worked well on the carpet.  Of course it not replace a deep clean, but it certainly is going to reduce my workload.  It is much quieter than I had expected.  It will run into the legs of dark furniture, I don't have a lot of expensive furniture so this is not a concern to me, but I know it would be an issue for some people.  I'm sure it runs in things hard enough that it could ding or scratch.  I think  putting a piece of foam around the outside of it would probably prevent this from happening.  It is able to get back to the docking station from quite a ways away which I am impressed with. A couple of rooms have a small step down less than an inch, the vacuum will go down the step but not back up, this isn't really a problem for me as I just block those areas off.My cats are pretty sceptical of it so they haven't started riding it--but one can hope!!,Love my Deebot. I renamed her Rosie. She goes with ease from my hard surface floor to my Berber carpet . Under my dressers and bed have not been this clean in ages. I don't know what I did without her.,I loved this thing so much it worked amazing for about 2 weeks. Then it started beeping for errors and problems and I followed the directions and did everything and it just didn't want to work anymore. If it stayed operational it would have been great,This was such a waste of money, it worked for 2 days and then all it did was go in a circle and stop. There's no way to contact the seller and I bought the 3 year insurance and they wouldn't replace it cause I just purchased it so I had to do a return and won't get my money back for a week.,I'm not sure if I'm more impressed by this little vacuum or by Ecovacs customer service. I only had my Deebot for 1 week before it began making a loud clicking sound. That said, you'd think I'd be very unhappy with it. However, in that 1 week I was really loving it! It has to have less suction then my full sized Shark vacuum, and yet it managed to do a better job of vacuuming our uneven Saltillo tile floors. I'm guessing its the way its brushes work that make the difference, but this thing really picks up good. It has edge brushes that spin things inwards and a v shaped main brush that alternates rows of bristle and rubbery blades. I still have to vacuum all the little areas that it can't get to because we have office chairs, plants, vases, drum sets etc in our house, but it does replace that daily sweeping or vacuuming thats needed to keep our floors looking and feeling good. It also gets under all of our furniture great so I no longer need to move the couch, etc like I had been doing when vacuuming. It does get stuck in a couple of places - one high spot where it transitions from saltillo to hardwood, and if it hits the black keg-orator at a certain angle on the saltillo, it can slip under a little and stick there. So I wouldn't run it when I'm not home, but its so easy to give it a little nudge when it needs it. Far easier then sweeping over 3,000 sq ft daily. I was worried that it wouldn't be able to adequately go over all that flooring before the battery gave out, but its doing a good job. Its random vacuuming pattern also made me cringe at first...I kept thinking "Wait! You missed a spot!", but somehow it manages to get pretty much everywhere as it wanders around. I've been loving how nice our floors feel barefoot since it came and with so little effort on my part!I haven't tried it in our carpeted areas yet as its the hard floors that I wanted it for, but it does do a decent job on our large, low pile, area rugs. Not as good as the full sized Shark on the area rugs though.But then it broke so quickly right? Well, it developed  its problem early on thanksgiving day, so I sent them an email figuring I wouldn't hear back from them for a bit...perhaps for days. They responded in less then an hour, and by the end of day had already shipped out my new vacuum and provided me with a UPS label to make my return. With customer service like that, I'm willing to bet that my replacement Deebot will have a decent life span. In my experience, companies that work that hard to make sure your happy tend to be companies that prefer it if you don't have problems to begin with. I hope the company that handles my extended warranty are as pleasant and prompt as Ecovacs has been...and that I never need to use them!UPDATE: Sad to say that my replacement Deebot broke on Dec. 24th. This time it was an anti-collision bumper malfunction. I delayed contacting the company until after New Years because I knew I wouldn't have time to take care of the return until then. They were every bit as courteous and prompt as last time and I received my new machine in a few days. I still love the machines performance but I'm far less optimistic that it will last. I don't see others having repeat failure problems however, so I'm wondering if my bumpy saltillo tile that Deebot does such a good job of cleaning is the problem. Perhaps the machine just can't take the rough road performance thats being asked of it. At any rate, my fingers are crossed for that third time around charm and I will update again if the new one also breaks. I will leave my review 5 stars at this point just because the machine does work great, customer service is great...and we use the machine on hardflooring which is about 50% extremely uneven saltillo. Its this uneven texture that makes the full size shark perform poorly on it. When we tested a super expensive Dyson on it we got the same results as the Shark. It simply failed to pick up a lot of the stuff in the 1" wide grout areas. Deebots the only vacuum we've tried that does a good job there. So if you have old style floors like ours, heads up that this machine will do a beautiful job there, but might not be able to stand up to it in the long haul. If this third machine also malfunctions, I think I'll block off entrance to that rough flooring and see if the next machine lasts without that., After having my Deebot (which I've dubbed "Alfred", after Batman's butler) for two full days now, I think it's safe to write a review. Let me start off by saying this little guy is by far the best purchase I've ever made in my life.I have 2 large dogs, 2 cats, a ferret, and a parrot who likes to shed his feathers and spread dust everywhere. I am absolutely shocked at the suction and cleaning power of this thing. Alfred works great on my hardwoods and tile, grabbing all the hair and debris and dusting the floor as he goes. He has no problem crossing the threshold strips from room to room, and maneuvers quite well throughout the main floor. The anti-drop sensors work well, meaning he hasn't shown any signs of wanting to throw himself down the stairs from too much work. He does a good job at cleaning very close to things without smashing into them. Occasionally he'll give a gentle bump to the legs on my black chairs only, but it isn't hard enough to do any damage. His cleaning pattern is pretty erratic, and he definitely goes over the same spots several times, but he does eventually cover everything. I wasn't sure what to expect when it came to the bedroom carpet, but was pleasantly surprised with the results. He won't replace a regular vacuum for your wall-to-wall carpet, but does a fabulous job for everyday carpet cleaning. He had no problem going under the bed, seemed to get all the dog hair out of the carpet, and even left vacuum lines! For my lower pile area rugs, it seems he could easily replace my regular vacuum. I love that Alfred returns to the charger on his own, however, sometimes he seems to have a really hard time finding it. He always finds it (eventually), it may just take him a little bit after aimlessly driving around the house. I haven't had any issues with him getting "stuck". Even when he finds himself in a confined space, he always seems to work his way out of it.This little guy has his quirks, but I would expect that they all do. Overall, this FAR exceeded my expectations and couldn't be happier with the product. I just hope it continues to last! I'll update in a few months to let you all know how it works with some age and abuse.,I was very excited when I ordered the Deebot. I've been shopping around for a robot vaccum for years, and as soon as I set it loose in my apartment, I was totally impressed. It did great for the first few days, picking up way more than I realized was on my floors. I used to sweep every single day, and I haven't had to since we got the Deebot.Mine gets stuck A LOT. It runs everyday, and it's gotten stuck at least once every time it goes. It still gets a ton of dirt and pet fur up, and the spot feature is fantastic. I managed to drop a container of salt AND a container of baking soda and the deebot spot feature took care of both for me.Sometimes it bumps into something and instead of turning it just gives up and beeps. All the floor in my townhome is laminate except for the carpeted bedroom. It does okay on the carpet, but if you have thin rugs it drags them around and if you have thick standard bathroom rugs it gets stuck on them. We've just taken up our thinner rugs because the deebot has started snagging on them and dragging them around.The entire vacuum takes wear pretty well if you maintain it as instructed, except for the two brushes that get twisted. I can't seem them lasting as long as the rest of the vacuum, they get twisted sometimes and need to be untangled and mine are already have kinks in them.UPDATE: Customer Service is very very excellent. They were extremely responsive to my review, even when I wasn't able to get back to them quickly. They are working with me to see if I need to replace my model because it's been getting stuck so often and doesn't make it back to it's charging doc.This is a great price and I'm glad I got it because now I know it's totally worth getting one of these, but I will definitely be paying the extra for ones with room mapping and higher quality the next time we decide to buy one.Warning: If you get a puppy, make sure there is no pee on your floor before you run the vacuum or you will have an even bigger mess and a sticky robo vacuum to clean up. Just trust me on this. Thank goodness you can take all the parts off and clean them individually.,I purchased this product for my wife for her Christmas present. Upon receiving it, I convinced her that it was necessary to test it immediately to see if it was operational or not and thus avoid opening up a present on Christmas day only to find it didn't operate correctly. Well we tested it and have been testing it almost every day since!Here's the Good, Bad and the Ugly.It operated like a champ from the beginning but here are things that you need to be aware of.1. It can get into areas like under your couch but if there is a sag in the bottom of the couch, Deebot (the given robot name), is likely to get stuck there and wait for you to find her/him and rescue it. It has a beeper to help find it, but you can use this function only via your smartphone app so make sure you have that installed.2. Some kinds of throw rugs can be a problem as Deebot likes to pick up the edges and then try sucking up the entire rug. Failure at this causes the robot to quit until you go to find it and give it a bit of help. But after a few of this experience you will know what items need to be picked up for a successful clean up job.3. Watching Deebot head back to its charging station can be quite entertaining as you can see it searching for it's homing beacon. At this point, it's success rate has been less than 50%. But the entertainment of watching it try so hard is worth it.4. Bad point. The algorithm used to clean the floors could be improved as it tends to clean a particular area more than others. The area seems to vary from cleaning to cleaning.Suggestion: Make a smiley face or some similar stickon decal to go on top of Deebot to further personalize it.Purchase again: Yes,I was disappointed in light of all the positive reviews. Before buying here's what you should know:First of all, buried in the fine print is the fact that this DOESN'T WORK ON DARK CARPETS. It confuses the infrared laser or something. It will literally stop cleaning and give you a signal to clean some part which is already completely clean. If you're going to buy it, you must have tile, hardwood, or light-colored carpet only.The Deebot N79 has no internal navigation or GPS, so it goes in random directions. You can direct it and suddenly it will veer off-course with no apparent reason, or return to the same spot over and over. That's fine if you're willing to run it multiple times to achieve a relatively clean overall outcome. But don't expect it to go in nice neat lines and cover the entire room.Also, the actual vacuum underneath the big 13" diameter machine, for some reason, is an opening of only about 4", right in the center. That means it can't reach edges or corners. (Square is a better shape for these things.) A few times I watched it miss stuff on the floor, so I grabbed the remote to direct it manually, and it STILL missed them even though I was deliberately rolling right over them. Frustrating when the whole point is to avoid a manual vacuum...I guess it's better than not vacuuming at all, but I wouldn't recommend this one. I had a cheap iRobot Braava 320 Floor Mopping Robot which used to do a lot better on hard floors. I'm searching for a good one for carpets, but this isn't it. I'm going to try Neato Botvac D80 Robot Vacuum instead.,Meet our newest addition to our family. Her name is Rosie. She is one of the best investments I have made in a long time. She impressed me with her cleaning skills on day one. On Day 2, she impressed me even more. On Day 3, she continued to amaze me. I have 2 Siberian cats, that shed like crazy. I have had Rosie for over a month now & I have not had to sweep my beautiful hardwood floors at all. She is a huge time saver & my stress level has went down, as I had to sweep every day to try to keep up with the hair. She finds her home base in less than a minute.She does have a down side, but it is not enough to give her anything less than 5 stars. She can not go over rugs with long  shags, (but my Dyson can't either). I put her in the bathroom & she got stuck in the bathroom rug. I am just glad she came with extra spinner brushes. I also had to put my sofa on furniture coasters to give her room to get under the sofa without getting stuck. I no longer come home after work, with her stuck. She always finds her way back to home base.I chose "Deebot" because the popular Brand is way too much for a single momma, like myself. My allergies where getting so bad & cat hair in my nose was causing a lot of stress, that something had to give. I am so happy I made that leaf of faith.Rosie has brought so much joy to my life, that I am considering another for my upstairs. I'm also thinking a possible mop version some time in the future, as well.,Love the Deebot N79 and bought 2 more as gifts for parents and in-laws after using mine for a couple of months. Before, i’d go for weeks (if not months w/out vacuuming). Now Deebot is set to auto start each day and even though my floors look clean, there is always dust/dirt in the bin. I love that it goes under the beds, dining table and console, places I rarely vacuumed!Setup was easy, I unpacked, attached two spinning brushes, plugged it in and charged till ready to use. There is a remote to send it to a specific are too, or just tap your foot to make it go in opposite direction (more fun). Sometimes it can get stuck trying to get under one sofa due to height, and initially it also got stuck few times w things but I’ve learned to pick up small socks, etc. and arrange wires to avoid this.Pros:- easy setup- easy to clean (cleaning brush included) and empty bin- good suction (there is always dirt to empty out)- has not damaged furniture or walls. Taps into things and either goes in another direction or cleans along the side of the wall or furniture- does not fall down stairs. Senses it is at the edge and turns around- works on tile, wood and low pile rugs/carpets. Moves easily from floor to floorCons- this model defaults to go everywhere randomly and has ability to circle targeted area, not in straight lines w/in the room. But for price, I don’t mind- does not have different suction settings but I still find it works well for low pile carpets and area rugs. On email Bedroom has short shag and it gets cleaned well too but Deebot seems bit slower on that carpet.- I have not been able to get the app to work. Try to register using two different email ids but never got email to confirm. May call customer service but not a priority for me- model does not know how to go back to charging base when charge is almost done or home is selected on remote unless it is w/in few feet away. It will roam around and sit wherever it is when battery drains so have to find it upon coming home and pick it up and place on charging base.  Again, I don’t mind vs paying 2-4x for a smarter model.,I love "Debra" the Deebot!  I am certainly not the neatest bachelor around. I don't like vacuuming so I got Debra. The battery last for about 90 minutes  and every time it runs the tray is almost full.I had an old Roomba vacuum. This one is similar in design and functionality. One thing about this vacuum is that it is super quiet.I definitely recommend it to others!, I’ve tried countless of times to get in touch with customer service, but to no avail, this is the last resort as I never leave bad reviews of products. My DEEBOT cleaned great.... for about an hour, and then it said “bumper exception” and kept going in circles. I did some research, and it said to pull the bumper out some but the bumper was not lodged. So I took the bin out, cleaned every crevice and nook that I could (even though everything was just the same as I unpackaged it, it wasn’t even dirty yet), but no luck. The thing still just sits there and spins in circles and tells me the same “bumper exception” on the app. I’ve tried to contact their customer support line, and I’ve tried emailing them but I cannot get any answers. I’ve done everything the manual, help center, and online answers told me to do to try and fix it and then to try and contact but no luck. I don’t know where else to turn to. It did pick up dust well, but for the little time that it worked, and not being able to get in touch with anyone to help me, I have to give it one star. I’m so upset with this product.,I've had this vacuum for a couple of weeks now, and I'm quite impressed. I also own an iLife A4 robotic vacuum cleaner and this is very similar.  They are very good vacuums and I highly recommend both. I have tested them head to head, and I would have to say that it is a virtual tie as far as performance goes. I've attached some photos for comparison. I've owned the iLife A4 for about 6 months and the best thing about it is it's small size which allows it to get under about everything in my house. The Deebot N79 is slightly larger so it can't get under some of my furniture, but it has much better suction, so where it does go, it cleans much better. I did have a problem with the Deebot getting stuck on some of my dark furry memory foam throw rugs, but the outstanding support from ECOVACS resolved that problem quickly.  Also, the Deebot has the Wi-Fi / App feature that the iLife does not. If I had to choose between the two, I would have to pick the Deebot for it's superior cleaning ability, more features, and outstanding support from ECOVACS., UPDATE: I had boxed up the vacuum completely but after a couple hours I decided to give it one more try...still the same malfunction. I cleaned it AGAIN,  Same malfunction. Then I did the old “Nintendo blow” vigorously about 10 times into where the sensor is annnnnddddd it worked! Well, sort of. I was on an area rug when I did this. I got the charger out and set every thing up in its original location which is on wood floor and tried to run a vacuum cycle and the thing gave me the same malfunction signal from before! Uhg! I decided to take it back to the area rug, annnddd it worked again.So after all of this it appears that it needs to begin it’s cycle on carpet (but will go to the wood flood from the carpet) or else it will throw the malfunction code. Still not living up to its hype in the least, if I have to start a cycle on carpet in order for it to work.Also, it seems it doesn’t pick up pet hair from my area rug very well at all..If I could give this 0 stars I would. My Deebot N79 had issues from the minute I tried to set it up. First it wouldn’t show up in my WiFi list until the 5th or 6th time I tried. Once I finally got it connected I let it charge from Monday evening until Wednesday morning (I worked a 13 hour shift Tuesday and didn’t feel like messing with the set up until Wednesday) and AS SOON as I set it to clean for the VERY FIRST TIME it has a malfunction. “Antidrop malfunction- Please wipe it” to be exact. So I looked it up in the manual, followed the instructions on how to clean the sensor (bc the manual stated that it might be covered in dust...which is odd since it hadn’t been used), cleaned the sensor with the brush, per the instructions, and STILL couldn’t get it to stop giving me the anti drop malfunction. I also find it pretty annoying the the manual states “Wipe the antidrop sensors with the brush or felt side of the Multi-fiction Cleaning Tool to maintain their effectviness”. Felt side??? Definitely no felt side to this tool picture included) And no other “tools” in the box. I cleaned the sensors multiple times. Turned the unit off and on between cleanings, disconnected and reconnected to the internet between cleaning and still the same error. Complete waste of time and money.,Final update: Customer service explained how to repair the device. It is now functioning well. My final thoughts are that it’s a good but high maintenance product with excellent customer service.Update, Update: I received the replacement model approximately two months ago. A few weeks ago, it too began to malfunction. The app informs me I have a main brush malfunction. Apparently, I can purchase a part replacement, but that means more money to repair an essentially new device. I wanted really badly to love to this device, but I just seem to have no luck.Update: within a few hours of writing this review, I was contacted by the company who told me the product was covered by a one year warranty. They are shipping me a new device for free with a shipping label to return my broken one. I have upgraded my one star to three and may go higher when the replacement arrives and functions well.*****I wanted really badly to love this device. It was easy to set up. Worked great for about three months picking up an amazing amount of hair and dirt. I ran it once daily on the laminate floor in my kitchen and living room. Then one day the app quit communicating with the device. That was okay. I could manually turn it on. Then it began to fail to return to the base to charge. Now about a month later it will not hold a charge at all. It runs for about ten seconds and quits. I put it on the charger. It blinks a few times. Then stops blinking. The worst part is I can’t find any online technical support or a number to call. I bought it roughly four months ago. It just didn’t live up to expectations.,Update and resolution at bottom of reviewI have purchased several of these vacuums. This vacuum would be 5 solid stars but not for a problem I've experienced in 2 of the 3 vacuums, after only 2 weeks of use on hard floor only. The side brushes are snap on, now screw on like other brands. I keep experiencing side brush malfunction error message, and one of the side brushes will stop working. Once a side brush has a malfunction, the entire vacuum will cease to operate...which is a really poor design. I've cleaned them, replaced them, wiggled them...but in both cases they were done. I haven't been able to reach anyone at the company for warrantee service, which is awful for a $200 (x3) item, so I've had to return them each time. Hope they get it right eventually...but for now they definitly DON'T have it right.Update: I was contacted by the company almost immediately after this review. They seem genuinely concerned and appear to want to fix the situation. In addition, they admitted they are working on the side brush issue, and offered me a newer upgraded version, presumably without the malfunction issue, to replace my N79.- I will let you know how the new vacuum works out. I have to say, I am very impressed with the company's response so far. ...I wish I hadn't had to post a negative, albeit truthful review to get somewhere, but the bottom line is, now that they are aware they are taking steps to make it right and that is really all you can ask of any company.In light of this, I would have no problem buying anything from this company again. I will update again with the final resolution, and update the stars accordingly.Update 9/4/17The company sent me the M80 Pro to replace the flawed N79, and I received it very quickly. It's a well built and solid upgrade, and I'm happy to report I have not experienced any glitches or malfunctions. Hopefully, I won't but I'm now confident that if I do, Ecovacs will make it right. I'm so impressed with the customer service and commitment to the customer (cherry was so helpful) that I've updated my rating in this thread, and will write a separate review on the M80 after a few more days of use.,---Update, 08/15/2017---  Our replacement unit has arrived and is working excellently like the original did when it first arrived. I must give very high commendations to Ecovacs customer service for the support they provided in getting this all handled very easily. Especially considering their main offices are overseas from the US. I am updating my review to 4 - stars today, and I will be coming back in a few months to provide a final update on the product. If all is still working correctly, I foresee a 5 star update in the future.---Update, 08/10/2017---  I have been in contact with Ecovacs daily since the unit stopped operating correctly. So far I have been very pleased with their Customer Service. They both called and emailed within a few hours of me submitting my claim, and assisted with a thorough walk-through process to identify if the unit as a whole was failing or if it was a replaceable component. At this time, we have deduced that the unit will need to return to the manufacturer for further review. They are in the process of sending me an additional unit and providing return shipment to send the unit back to them. Once I receive my new unit, and confirm it is functioning properly, I will provide an additional update to review and adjust the star rating accordingly.--Original Review, 08/01/2017--  To start off, I REALLY liked this vacuum, when it was working. Our home is 100% hard surface except for the bedrooms, and we have two cats. We travel semi-regularly, and wanted something that could keep the majority of our living space clean while we were out of town. This unit was the perfect item for the job.  The first time we ran this, I couldn't believe the amount of stuff that was in the bin. For about the first two weeks, it FILLED the bin, every day. And, just to clarify, we were using a Kirby vacuum daily on our floors prior to purchasing this, and we had always assumed they were clean. This little bot proved how wrong we were. Our home is spread out enough that it wouldn't get every room each day, but throughout a week, it would seem to hit each room at least three times. We had it programmed to run every day at 4:00 PM, and it did it spot on, no issues. You do need to be careful of any rugs, no matter the pile height. We have a very low pile rug sitting on a hardwood floor section, and during the transition to the rug, it seemed to pick it up if it crossed over at the corners. Nothing we couldn't work around, and not necessarily the bots fault. It was just doing its job after-all.  The remote control sent with the unit is handy, and simple enough to use. No text on the button to explain what they do, so you have to memorize what each button means, but since there are only about 15 total buttons and each has a simple image on it, it wasn't difficult to get down pat. I think the screen is a little useless. Once the unit is programmed, all it really functions as is a clock and a small notification of what the last button press you made on the remote was. If you use the remote to select AUTO and then use the Mobile App to send it to the charger, the remote doesn't update to identify what the vacuum is currently doing. This makes sense since the communication is typically only one way for a remote, but a little odd to have a "status screen". I understand it has some need when programming the time of day and the repeat interval for programmed cleaning cycles, but it could have been done differently and made the remote a little smaller and battery efficient by not having the display screen on ALL the time.  The Android mobile application is simple and effective. I have read other complaints about having to create an account, but if you want to be able to manage it over a WAN connection, some form of global connectivity is necessary, so this is a minor necessity in my book. I love when we go on trips, and I can monitor that the unit is working properly.  Had the negative impact identified below not been found, I would have rated this thing 5 stars, hands down.---Negative Impact, 08/07/0217---  We have now had the bot for just over 2 months, and it was still working awesome. Today, 09/07/2017, the unit just stopped working. It was in the process of running a standard cleaning cycle, and it started beeping. I went to check on it, and the unit was flashing between red and blue indicator light with a 4 beep sequence (Error not referenced in the manual). Not sure what the error was for, I picked up the unit, inspected it for anything lodged or caught up in the bushes, but found nothing. I hit the continue cycle (Auto Clean) button on the remote, and the unit continued running as normal for about one more minute, and then it turned off.  Now assuming that the indicator light was telling me low battery (not whats referenced in the manual for low battery indicator), I picked the unit and took it to the charger. Once it started charging, the unit backed off the charger, and returned to it in an aligned position like it normally does, but it began flashing the red/blue sequence with 4 beeps once again. I followed all cleaning and inspection methods referenced in the manual, but nothing seems to be getting unit to stop beeping while it is on the charger. If I remove the unit via the remote, it runs for about a minute and then dies. My current assumption is that I have ether a charger or battery error. This is a pretty frustrating thing to see after only 2 months of ownership. I currently have a support request submitted to Ecovacs, so we will see how this goes.  After I hear back from Ecovacs, I will update my review based on their customer support.,This little guy is unbelievable. If you are barefooted around the house a lot you will have never felt your floor so clean. The dustbin fills up quickly. Maybe that's because we just ran it for the first time.  To say that it is super quiet is an overstatement. It's not loud it's just not super quiet. I am sitting next to a five speed fan and they are probably equally as loud. This guy is my new friend and has made my life a lot easier. It's salt a big problem for me and saves a lot of time. If you thought your floors were clean give us a try and be surprised at how much it picks up. This thing is great!,I was skeptical about buying a robot vac. I've seen mixed reviews on them and heard the good and bad, not to mention they cost as much, if not more, than an upright vacuum that I know will clean the floor. Today changed my mind completely when our new vacuum arrived. It was easy to set up, we quickly found it a home base, and the app is easy to use if you want to use it. The remote is convenient. I don't have to do anything to the actual vacuum other than empty it. I was super impressed by how smart it is. We haven't had any issues with it getting stuck either (knock on wood, because my kids are slobs). Within ten minutes the vacuum had gone over our living room and we were left with a bunch of dust and random objects to empty. I truly cannot say enough good things about this. For me, being a mom of 4 makes it hard enough to do all the house work. This is just one way to make it easier. I'm very grateful that we purchased this. It's worth every penny!If you are looking for a pet, this is where to look 😉, I have an 8 year old son and a little white terrier, and between the two of them, I felt like my floors had a chronic sheen of pet hair and tracked in dirt. Even though I vacuumed regularly, I never felt like the dust and hair ever went away. I finally saw that a few friends had bought robotic vacuums and were raving about how their lives had changed. That seemed overstated, but I was willing to give it a try. I did my research and read through all the reviews of different models. I was not interested in spending a lot, and so it came down between the Eufy and this model. I found a $40 discount coupon for the Ecovacs, which brought it down to $160, so I decided to go ahead and purchase this one because the price point was good.I received it and charged it up. When I pressed the button, the Deebot seemed to go in random directions but covered every room on my first floor. It was so quiet that my little terrier didn't get worked up at all. He just observed it and then took a nap (which is a very different reaction from what happens when I use the regular vacuum.) I ran it twice, and I was amazed at the amount of fur and dirt it picked up. It was kind of gross and also really satisfying.As others have noted, it does get stuck on any long piles or cords. I have a dhurrie rug with some long fringe, and it did get caught in that. It also got caught on a bathroom rug with long pile. However, it was enough to re-position the Deebot, which went on its merry way. I have a combination of carpet and hardwoods with area rugs. It manuevered almost seamlessly between all of the different surfaces, except for the examples already previously noted.The air in my house felt cleaner (as others noted), and it was great to walk around barefoot without feeling grit on the soles of my feet. I love this thing. Now I understand what all the fuss is about.I would definitely clean the brush and empty the bin after each use. The bin was beyond full, and I also used the multi-tool to clean out the hair off the brush. I haven't tried the app yet, but the remote control is sufficient for my needs at the moment.Get this. Seriously. You'll wonder why you didn't do it before.,UPDATED**Received yesterday, and so far I ain't feeling it. Made the decision to go with this one due to the awesome reviews in comparison to the price. I've owned other robotic vacuum and I feel this one does not quite measure up. So let's go over the pros and cons:Pros :- quiet. Like waaayy quieter than the Roomba's I've owned.- Controler.  Gives a hands for control over the deebot.- sleek.- timely delivery.- easily goes on shag rug. Roomba would go to the edge and then turn right back around. Deebot vacuumed the entire length of the shag rug and didn't  get stuck. Impressive.Cons:- not enough suction. I vaccuum daily. With three kids and a cat (plus a husband) I cannot miss a day. Bought the Deebot so it'd do half the work for me while I slept. Was disappointed to see that it missed areas and things that were easy pick up.** I stand corrected. Seller contacted me, to let me know that a spot clean option is present on the right side of the remote. (add 1 Star)** - No spot clean preference. In comparison to Roomba. That is one thing I find I actually miss. To be able to press a button and have it clean one area and clean it well.3 month update:After the initial review, I have grown to LOVE this vacuum, However, it recently started doing something weird.  It’ll vacuum it’s normal areas and suddenly itll just start going around in a circle as if it’s stuck. I’ve cleaned it thoroughly, twice. But still does it. I will be contacting customer service as this vacuum is fairly new. And I can no longer live without.,So far, we love our little robot vac.  We call her "Cinderella" because she cleans while we go out and have a ball.  It's been a couple weeks and we have some complaints but overall we're glad we bought this machine.  We went for a lower-priced machine and we have no regrets though we suspect a more expensive machine might improve on its nagging flaws.This isn't my first robot vac.  I had one of the first Roomba models. This one is silent by comparison and does a better job cleaning.  She makes a little bit of noise, but not enough to notice.  If she is running in the next room, I can work, be on the phone, listen to music, watch tv, etc.  The faint whirring just fades into the background.  Most crucially, she can run at any time of day or night and not disturb the neighbors downstairs.When I ordered this thing, I thought it connected to the internet and I was dreading that.  The security and privacy implications of having random, unmaintained, insecure devices on my network disturb me.  The instructions don't mention wifi or installing an app, though.  And it's not at all clear how one would enter a wireless password.  I'm fine just using the remote control, but if you really want to control this thing with an app, you might be disappointed.Cinderella cleans pretty much every day.  There's an automatic timer so I can tell it to go off at the same time every day.  I don't use it.  It turns out there's always too much junk on the floor and I have to straighten up a bit before running the machine.  So I do the straightening and then run her.  Some days I don't have time, but most days it runs.Our apartment is about 800 square feet.  We have little kids and pets. When we don't vacuum frequently, the place shows visible mess in just a couple days.  Our cleaning lady comes every 2 weeks, which left us sweeping and vacuuming quite a bit to stay on top of the mess.  I'm not going to lie-- we mostly failed at that.Cinderella fills the gap.  It gets me to straighten up a little, which is good.  It then takes care of all the crumbs and bits of dirt and carpet fuzzies.  When she's done, the place looks freshly vacuumed and I can walk around barefoot without getting things stuck to my feet. It does a good job.  We still want the place thoroughly vacuumed every couple weeks with the upright, but it's a good job for a quick daily clean.As I mentioned, I straighten up before Cinderella starts.  She'll knock over the cat's water dish if I leave it out.  A loose backpack strap easily gets sucked in and then she drags the backpack around.  A pen will rattle underneath her for a minute before working itself out.  These are not things a vacuum should be able to deal with, and she's not savvy enough to know that.  She just runs right over them.She's not bad at avoiding trouble and getting unstuck.  I've only had to rescue her once when she got wedged between the piano and a chair while also hung up on the corner of a tall carpet.  She goes over obstacles in ways that sometimes surprise me.  She's just quite gung-ho about charging over things like door sills and chair bases. It's kind of adorable.Where the navigation fails is under the dining table.  It's not a large table (we live in a modest apartment) but it's up against a wall and the other sides are blocked by the chair.  I call it the lobster trap-- Cinderella manages to find a way in and then spends 20 minutes spinning around trying to find a way out.  Eventually she does, but I've taken to moving the chairs before running the vacuum.The other navigation fail is dark furniture.  Cinderella detects obstacles in a number of ways.  One of them is visual.  This wholly fails with our black piano and she slams into it repeatedly, which will eventually damage the finish.  Better sensors might avoid this problem and it's one of the things that make me wonder if I should have sprung for a fancier machine.My final navigation note is that the random wandering does not seem efficient.  She'll clean a bit in the corner (but not deep into the corner) and then leave the room to do a patch next door.  Then she'll come back fifteen minutes later to wander around a bit more.  It's annoying because you kind of want robots to be systematic.  You have to be ok with her missing spots and figuring she'll make it up on a future pass or you'll get it with the upright another day.  I'm ok with it, but it might drive some people crazy.Other aspects of the bot seem to work well, though not perfectly.  I put the charging base under the couch and Cinderella happily makes her way home before her carriage turns into a pumpkin.  I have yet to find her off the base with a dead battery.  She tucks herself away out of sight, which I quite like.What doesn't work about putting the base under the couch is that the remote doesn't work very well.  I stand in front of the couch and press buttons on it and nothing happens.  Eventually it starts after many tries.  I think the problem is that the remote wants line of sight so now I bend down to point the remote directly at the machine. That seems to help but it is awkward and ruins the fantasy of living in an elegant world assisted by robots who anticipate my every whim.My last complaint is probably the biggest worry about the machine.  I was warned the dust cup would fill very fast.  I figured my small apartment wouldn't challenge it.  It turns out I was wrong.  Every run fills the dust cup with fibers from the rug in my living room and the one in my bedroom.  It over stuffs the dust cup mid-run, which I guess means that the rest of the run doesn't do much since you can't shove more dust in a full dust cup.  I'm hoping repeated runs takes up all these fibers and it settles in.  Otherwise, Cinderella is slowly wearing away at my rugs.  I think I'm ok with that.  I'd rather have clean rugs that don't last long than dirty ones that last forever. Still, I'd rather the vacuum did its job without the worry.  My upright vacuum doesn't have this issue, so I'm not sure why this one should.Fortunately, emptying the dust cup is quick and easy.  It unlatches with a button press and swings open easily.  Removing the agitating roller is simple too.  It's quick latch and then lift it out.  Once you pick the hair and lint off it, it slots back in.  That part took some getting used to but now I have it down and can get it down without any fuss.Overall, this machine gets a solid B+.  It meets the need and wasn't super expensive.  It doesn't have fancy bells and whistles, which I think is a good thing.  There's not much to fiddle with here.  And while the machine isn't a complete delight, I find its minor shortcomings acceptable at this price point.  My home is cleaner with minimal effort on my part.  That was the goal and Cinderella meets it.,I'm not sure who all the positive reviews were from! I could not get the phone ap to work and it worked twice.On the third try, a red light blinked and it beeped 3 times.  I followed the instructions on how to resole this. That didn't work.  I emailed the company and received incredible complex instructions n how to set up the ap on my phone which are too complicated for a non-techy consumer.  I answered a question about the other issue and am waiting for further info.  I will give them 24 more hours and then it is going back to Amazon. Don't buy this....,This review is a sort of a comparison against the Roomba 805 (Costco's version of the 860).  The Roomba is a great vacuum - powerful, quick and it included 2 lighthouses that help block areas off.  It did an excellent job transitioning from carpet to hardwood/tile, and seemed very intelligent getting around chairs, etc.  But it was also very loud in our large tiled house - you could hear it from anywhere.  And it did occasionally get stuck, though it was brilliant at trying to back out of jams - it really only got stuck because of furniture that had uneven spaces at the bottom.So as I saw these "lesser branded" robots for half the price I thought - how bad could they be? So the Roomba went back to Costco and I got my $400 + tax back.  I saw the Samsung and the Xiaomi with “smart” navigation/mapping capability, but I had taken back the Roomba precisely because I didn’t want to spend $400.  I quickly settled on the N79 thanks to the good reviews on amazon and thesweethome.com reviews – it was similar to the well regarded Eufy, but with Wifi.  I waited and waited for a sale, but finally gave up and paid current full price + the extended warranty (still half of the price of the Roomba).Cleaning Performance:  I have a 2300 sf single level home with 5 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms.  All of my flooring is either rough travertine (with significant grout joints) or hardwood with beveled edges (i.e. little crevices between each piece).  I have one wool area rug that sheds obscenely.  Thus far I have used both vacuums the same – I have run them several times a day for the first few days, and then once a day thereafter.  After a few days with the N79, the floors appear free of debris and dust – just as it did with the Roomba.  Both vacuums filled their bins quickly after a few passes on my heavily shedding wool area rug, but this is as expected.  This appears to be a draw thus far, but I’ve only had the N79 for a few days.Navigation:  Both bots are random navigators, but they differ a bit.  The Roomba seemed to have more logic – it would smoothly and often transition from edges to the field. It was random, but made sense and seemed to better clean areas in fewer passes.  The N79 seems a bit more rigid – it will avoid edges and corners for a while, and then only do edges and corners for a while.  It might leave an area having only done one and not the other.  Hard to describe the difference, but the Roomba seems to move a bit more naturally around the room.  Also, I notice that I keep seeing the N79 pop into my office even while it has a whole house to clean.  Maybe it gets lonely?  Roomba wins.Size/Getting Stuck:  The N79 is a bit slimmer than the Roomba and can get under one to two pieces of furniture that the Roomba could not, but it still gets stuck in some of the same places as the Roomba and I can’t really fault either device – it’s easy to see how they can get under there and not get out again.  The Roomba seemed a bit better at getting unstuck – maybe bigger/wider wheels and stronger pull.  The Roomba was also better at managing small rugs – it could actually do a decent job of vacuuming a loose rug on a slick surface, which was impressive.  The N79 wants to avoid those same rugs, and I believe the N79 may be largely avoiding my dark navy entry rugs (not entirely, but largely) – time will tell on that one.  Roomba wins.Power/Noise:  The N79 is not as powerful as the Roomba, but it’s WAY quieter, and for my mostly hardwood and tile house, it’s plenty powerful.  I actually had it enter my home office today while I was on a call.  It was annoying, but I was able to continue the call uninterrupted.  I had to slam the door on the Roomba to prevent it from coming in my office – it was too loud.  N79 wins by a lot.Maintenance/Cleaning:  The Roomba’s dual rubber brushes collected less hair than the N79, and required a bit less hair removal, but I can live with cutting some hair off the brush every once in a while  (it even comes with a tool to do so).  The N79 has 2 sweeping brushes rather than the Roomba’s 1 – this will probably mean double the cleaning of those brushes, but I’ll gladly take that trade off to have it sweeping edges in both directions.  The jury is still out on the dust bin.  The Roomba dust bin seemed to fill up quicker (especially from my wool area rug), but at least it would tell me when it was full with a dedicated light on top.  On the first day the N79 seemed to stop sucking entirely, but I realized it was because the bin was full.  Maybe it had tried to tell me and I missed it (a beep or something?), but it just kept creeping around sweeping the floor with no suction.  The Roomba wins here.Features:  The Roomba came with the lighthouses to divvy up the space in my house, which was great in theory, but I found that they sometimes didn’t work.  It was easier to just lock it in a room for a while and then come back and let it out.  Honestly, life is simpler without the lighthouses – I don’t have to worry about batteries and accidentally leaving them on.  I would rather not pay for them.  The Roomba also had neither a remote nor wifi and I love both of these features on the N79.  Example 1 – I had set the N79 to start a cleaning cycle at 5:30AM and it came into our bedroom – wife said “please no” and I used the app to send it home without getting out of bed…cool.  Example 2 – you need it to vacuum a particular area and don’t want to drag out the main vacuum just for that – the remote works great for this.  Also, my 6 year old son thinks it’s a remote control car to chase the dogs with.  N79 wins.Battery: Both bots have really good batteries.  I don’t expect the robot vacuum to clean an entire 2300 sf house on a single charge – I’m happy to focus on the front half and back half by shutting some doors.  But both come very close to finishing the whole house.  I don’t recall if the Roomba had a Li Ion battery, but I picked the N79 over other Deebots because it did have an Li Ion battery and it is amazing thus far.  It lasts longer than the Roomba (2 hrs it seems), but the Roomba was obviously generating more suction power.  However, since I have primarily hard surfaces I will take the batter life of the N79 over the Roomba.  Also, the Roomba moved a bit quicker than the N79, which probably also affected battery life.  In my house, slow and steady wins the race.  This goes to the N79.It’s a draw based on the above categories, but I do think that the Roomba is probably better built, and more sophisticated.  But no way is it worth 2x the price of the N79!  I am very happy with the N79 after 3 days and would probably get a second one of these over a more expensive “smarter” vacuum bot.,It started off strong, and while I purchased it in the middle of October, it wasn't actually put to use until November. The first issue that came up was that it wouldn't vacuum at the scheduled time, we trouble shot it with the sellers, and while it works, it's not regular. The most recent issue now is that  moments after starting the thing stops and just beeps to death. The rollers are clear, bin is empty, it's not 'stuck', we've trouble-shot it to death. Return window has passed, now I'm stuck with something that doesn't operate. When it works, it does OK, but I can't tolerate the reoccuring problems..just isn't worth the time spent trouble shooting. Would looooove to return.**Update December 29, 2017**After MUCH up and back with the company, they finally sent a replacement and a return label for the defective unit. This is day 2 of use with the second unit. After a full charge, it’s dead after 45-50 minutes. The old one was good for close to 2 hours and did a decent job when it wasn’t acting up. I watched the replacement unit this morning while having my breakfast beverage..while it works, meaning charges and starts at scheduled clean time, it doesn’t actually roll over the entire space, it skipped my office entirely which is in the center of my first floor. It rolled through it and into my kitchen and then left the kitchen and went into my dining room. My old one worked better, when it worked. I will have to consider other options because this unit isn’t as helpful to between actually vacuuming with an upright or canister.,I just got it today and I have to say I am impressed! I have a roomba and neato that I run daily. This bot is very quiet compared to those two! The suction power I would say is comparable to roomba and neato because the bin is full by the time it's completed just like the other two. Note that I have 3 big dogs that shed like crazy. I timed its run and it's true to 110 minutes as advertised.,So I took everyone's advice and purchased a robotic vacuum. I ended up getting the deebot N79, it actually had better reviews then the Roomba (4.5 stars) and was only $150 on Prime day. It comes with a remote control and when you download the app, you can control it through your phone. It spot cleans, single room cleans, auto cleans and edge cleans. I have to say when I ran the auto clean I was a bit skeptical - but it did a really good job - kitchen, dining room, living room, family room, foyer and hall. Bedrooms/bathrooms were not included. Today I'm running it on edge clean. It's going around every wall/furniture/cabinet very closely so this is a plus! It has no problem gliding over area rugs or thick kitchen mats. Floor vents is hit or miss, depending on how the vac hits the vent. Anyhow, I was pretty surprised to see the dust bin! FULL! We have all hardwood floors/tile. No carpet (accept for an area rug). It will run for 100 minutes and then dock itself back on the charger base. This little gem is amazing! ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️,I have had Roombas and decided to give this a try when the last one crapped out on me. I have hard wood floors, a few area rugs and a very hairy dog....A mindbogglingly hairy dog. This thing is out of its league. A roomba beeps and then tells you why it is unhappy... this just BEEPS and BEEPS and BEEEEEEPS.... and pretty much anything gets it hung up. It BEEPS at the edge of a rug, it CONSTANTLY gets stuck on the base of my barstools, after 2 months it seems to be escalating and it now just stops in the middle of a rug every 30 seconds and BEEEEEEEPS in dispair. I am like Captain Hook and have low BEEP tollerance. It's brushes are not nasty, its bin is not full and like a colicky newborn I just do not know why it is so unhappy. I would not buy this again and feel like I just wasted $200 because I am going to have to buy another Roomba. Live and learn. This is crap compared to the original.,My DeBo is such a good boy!! I love him! I've had experience with several generations of IRoomba, and I wouldn't trade DeBo for any of them. He's quieter, smarter, and seems to clean much more efficiently. He has never failed to find his charging station, and he cleans on schedule (I've only used the remote, not the app to schedule him.) The first time I ran him he went for two solid hours on a full charge. I'm so impressed that I've been looking at the mopping robot version also, but I think I will wait a year or so while they work out the kinks. The only things I would improve with him or so minor that it's not a big deal. He could use a handle for transporting (I have to walk him up the stairs to turn him lose in the back half of the house) and he seems to panic like a frightened turtle if I pick him up from the base station, but all in all he is AWESOME!,30-Day Update:As promised, I'm updating my review of the DEEBOT vacuum. What can I say? It is fantastic!!!The battery is now conditioned so that the operating time of the vacuum is 94 minutes per use. Recharge time has extended from two hours to 3 1/2 hours, but that is understandable given the operating time has gone from 30 minutes to 90 plus.The DEEBOT always returns to its base for recharging. My house has never been cleaner.Two notes: Pay attention to the caution about cords. Put them safely away or block them with an object. The N79 will get caught and not be able to progress. The other is programming. The N79 lets you program a cleaning time every day. I thought I would have the option of three or four times per week, but if you use the programmed cleaning, it is once a day, every day. I clean about three or four times a week, so I just operate the robot manually.Review after only two days:I've wanted something like this for a long time but have hesitated because they cost a lot of money and the reviews of many other robotic cleaners have not been so hot. So, when they went on an Amazon Daily Special, I jumped at the half-off price.This model N79 is the latest N series with the N78 being quite popular based on Amazon reviews. Only difference that I can tell is the wifi capability of the N79 vs. the N78.I've only had the Deebot for two days. This is is a preliminary report on first impressions. I will follow up after 30 days of use.The cleaning this robot does is impressive. It appears like a giant bug creeping across your carpet. It even acts like a random wandering insect as it cleans your home. Very quiet but efficient. Strong motor, great brush action, intuitive operation.My home is a little less than 1,000 square feet consisting of a living room, dining area, kitchen, two hallways, master bedroom and bath, guest bedroom, guest bath.Instructions were straightforward out of the box. Charged for four hours in the evening but I waited until the following day to test.Deebot does what it says it will do. Had no problems whatsoever. Did not hang up or get boxed in at any time. I operated it twice the same day and it was able to return to the docking station to recharge without any trouble both times. Docking station was semi-centrally located in the dining area. Dirt/dust collection bin is, of course, small, but easily cleaned and put back. Dump the bin after every use.In my home, it needed two passes to completely vacuum. It randomly wanders the home cleaning so some areas were missed the first time. Second time the areas that were missed were cleaned without my intervention. With the quick charging time, you can operate it multiple times in one day or set it up to automatically clean daily.The wifi setup on my Iphone was again straightforward. Software took a long time to download, but once there you just register, find your specific Deebot model, and connect. The Iphone can then be used as a remote control for the unit (the unit already comes with a remote control). Batteries were supposed to be included but they were not in the box. No problem since I have plenty of AAA batteries on hand. Minor annoyance.Very satisfied at this point early in the game. Again, I will follow up in about 30 days.,Update: After having the unit a couple of weeks, I have to knock off a couple of stars.  It's still better than a Roomba (picks up WAY more dirt/hair, quieter, is able to dock on it's own about 2-3 x more often than roomba, has an app to help find it if it gets stuck), but has it's own annoyances.1. When using the scheduling feature on the iOS app, the thing ALWAYS runs at midnight every night, no matter what schedule you ask for!  I set it to run at 11AM, but it runs at both 11AM and 12 midnight.  This is really annoying since it'll run down the battery getting stuck on things: i put stuff away in the morning so it can do it's job, but at night it'll get stuck trying to get home due to stuff on the floor.2.There's no option to use a virtual wall or anything of the sort.  You will have to physically block access to anything you don't want it getting into.  This makes the issue above a double-whammy.  It really needs to be able to avoid problem spots better, or at least not go getting into trouble when I'm not wanting it to run.---------------------I'm blown away at how much better than my roomba 650 this is!Quieter, able to get under more low stuff, cleans both more thoroughly, both in terms of picking up more in the areas it hits, and getting into places Roomba couldn't or wouldn't.  Roomba would constantly trip over any rugs on our hardwoods, and get stuck in various corners.  This gets stuck much less often, and being able to kick it off from a wifi app is also great.For the $169 I paid on a lightning deal, I don't think this could be beat.  Even at the lower $199 regular price, a new one of these outperforms a refurbished (the only one you can get at the price) Roomba.The only thing I liked better about Roomba was having a virtual wall included.  I haven't been able to figure out a way to get deebot to stay out of a couple of problem areas without having to physically block them off.  An included virtual wall, or the option to buy one as an accessory would be really great., I'm thoroughly impressed by this vacuum. It does an excellent job of cleaning and has lots of cool, intelligent features built-in. Here's a quick overview of areas I think are most important to highlight. Please also refer to the attached video (I manually controlled it to quickly make a clip of hardwood/carpet), it's a quick clip showing the vacuum's ability to transition from hardwood to medium/high pile carpet, including how well it performs on carpet that I expected to be too thick for it to handle. Also, I appreciate that the manufacturer includes a spare set of maintenance parts (filter/brushes).Vacuum: Great suction and cleaning power, both on hardwood and carpet. As the product summary states, it has four different modes. I've checked all of them out and they work well, but I stick with mostly the auto clean mode (random paths) and edge clean. One of the nice benefits of the vacuum going a bit slower over carpet is that it really does a quality job of cleaning... I couldn't believe how much stuff was in the pan after just a single bedroom! Those results were after just vacuuming by hand a few days ago. In summary, it's a great way to have on demand cleaning that fights messy floors and allergens around the house, all without having to lift a finger.Mobile App: Flawless for me. I had everything up and running with their app in minutes. Has the same functionality that is accomplished from the remote, just from the convenience of your smart phone. The automated scheduling has worked every time, you can fire up a manual cleaning session without being near the vacuum, view battery levels, and watch maintenance cycles for replacement filters/parts.Overall, I would certainly recommend this vacuum to anyone looking to reduce the time spent on manual upkeep of your home. It's an investment that pays for itself.,Best investment I made. I love this product. It actually works!! I run it in between my normal cleaning days, and it picks us dust and dog hair. The bin is always full when its done. It  easily goes from room to room with ease and cleans wood floor, tile and my area rug!! Love it and would highly recommend it.  update....my unit stopped working last Aug 2017 and it too a while to get someone on the phone...very hard to reach customer service. The new unit worked for a few months. and during the holidays it just stayed on the charger due to many decorations around the house, now today it worked for only 10 min and now just spins for 20 seconds, goes red then stops working.  I really loved the way it cleans but it has to work to clean!!!!,As someone who has never owned a robot vac, and can't resist a sale, I have to say that my initial skepticism  turned into a feeling of satisfaction after letting the N79 run for a few full cycles. Considering my family and I are the type to do "it's acceptable" spot cleaning unless we've got company coming over, the fact that this thing is able to get under our oddly shaped couches, drive along the edge of the wall, and find it's way out without little effort is great. Our kitchen / dinette / living room are one large space, giving it a fairly large area to deal with, and it actually picked up a surprising amount of crud along the way. It does well with low area carpets, and has had no problem getting up and over. I have full confidence that it will keep the downstairs area looking fairly well kept, with less of a need for a once a week cleaning when people inevitably track in mud and dirt.Considering how easy it is to empty, the not-too-large dustbin is hardly an issue either. Once you let it run through while your rooms are at their dirtiest, however, it should be okay to complete a cycle without needing it's diaper changed.As with many of the other less expensive models however, don't expect to have your room totally spotless after letting it run for 30 minutes. It navigates fairly well, only bumping into things like chair legs or very dark objects (because the sensor in front has trouble discerning them), but does not take the path that any human would choose to. Given enough time, it will definitely make it to pretty much everywhere, but as long as you've got a house free from things that could cause it to get stuck (as they mention in the manual), my opinion would be that it works to it's full potential if you just set it and forget it. Do be mindful of where the base is, however, as not giving the bot enough room to detect it's way back (they recommend 1m on each side, and 2m in front) will result in it wandering around longer than necessary or not making it back at all. I have not had the latter happen yet, but my placement isn't ideal, and it took a victory lap around the house before sitting itself back on the charger.All in all, for the price, I am extremely happy with my late night "screw it, why not" purchase. I never thought that I would ever need something like this, but it ultimately may be something I can't live without. My feeling is that you absolutely cannot go wrong with this price.,Let me start out by saying that Ecovacs Robotics stands behind its products. I ordered a DEEBOT N79 on January 2, 2018, and got it a few days later. I loved it. It ran all over the house picking up dust and dirt. It did a particularly great job on pet hair, and I have a bunch of pets. Then it broke down 8 days after I got it. I had good luck contacting Ecovacs Robotics customer service via email. Like any other company, they first tried to help me troubleshoot it (main brush problem) and then sent me a prepaid UPS label to send it back because they figured the brush motor was malfunctioning. Three or four business days after their decision to replace my unit, the new one arrived, and even as I keyboard this review, it is cleaning beneath my chair and scooting around my office. I don't care what you make, once in a while, your product, whether a Cadillac or a cleaner, will not work right. I am pleased with the way Ecovacs Robotics handled my issue. I will come back and update this post in another month to let readers know if this new one is still performing well. I expect to say that it is cleaning up around here! If it is, I'll add a fifth star to my rating of this product. It is reassuring, as well, to see a company back up its products. NOTE: It is now February 23, 2018, and my replacement Deebot is percolating right along. I thought I had a docking issue with this one, but it helps if you have the docking unit/charger plugged in so it can send a signal to the Deebot. Duh! I'm happy with this product and how Ecovacs Robotics stands behind its merchandise. 5 stars!,This is our first robotic vacuum, so I can't say how this stacks up against other vacuums (and I may exchange it for something else).  We have light-colored hardwood, so I also can't comment on how it handles carpet.  The pros: it cleans well and has great suction.  It picks up short cat hair and litter from two cats very well.  There's plenty of room in its tray to hold one level's worth of dirt and hair.  It does not suck up cords or even small furry mouse toys.  It very rarely pushes something hard enough to move it.  I also have no trouble programming it so that it cleans once a day on its own, and no trouble using the app (although it's not exactly the same as the remote--there's no play/pause option).  It generally does a pretty good job cleaning overall and picks up just about everything (eventually).  It sees our stairs well, too.The cons: it has a random cleaning pattern and doesn't learn, which is incredibly inefficient.  It starts off almost on a grid, but gets easily distracted if it bumps into anything (which is often), and then it will cover the same spot over and over and over and over and over again, while missing other spots completely.  And it spends way more time in some rooms than others.  It barely does my living room, yet spends forever in the dining room even after dirt is long gone.  It doesn't have a whole lot of power, either, and can't get over the low lip between the living and dining rooms unless it approaches at a diagonal.  Why it has more power/grip on a diagonal I have no idea, but this seems like a design flaw that would've been pretty easy to fix.  It sometimes backs up and gets a better "running" start when trying to clear the lip, but this varies and sometimes it makes it and sometimes it doesn't.  Also, its sensors can't see our dark furniture and the Deebot continually bumps into our dining room table and chairs and the feet of our sofas (although it does so gently and doesn't seem to damage anything).  And it takes forever to find its base--I just spent five minutes watching it turn in the opposite direction away from the base repeatedly, despite the fact that I set it down three feet away from it.  Lastly, even after just three days, something has started to squeak when it turns--no idea how long it will last (assuming I don't exchange it).Update: After six months, all of the above remains true. It is annoying that you have to run it while home because of small threshold between rooms. But for the price we have been very happy with it. And though it crashes into dark furniture it doesn’t hit hard or do damage. Good thing our cats are light colored though.,I've had this for 3 days now and have used it each day.  We have a 3000 sq ft ranch with hardwoods and tile throughout.Pros:Very easy set-up.  Just pop two of the 4 side brushes and throw it on the charger.Quick charging.  It'll have a full charge in about 3 hours.Hasn't gotten stuck yet. We have several area rugs, thickest about 3/4".  It may turn around a few times before it actually climbs up onto the rug, but it will get there.Low profile.  This thing easily goes under the sofa and tables.  The garbage it finds is amazing!  (See nasty pics).It works!  See the pics. It pulls nickles and full goldfish in no problem.  The dust it collects though!!!!!!!  It keeps finding it, and we're a very clean family!Tells you what's wrong- see pics.  I don't blame this thing for getting hung up on a couple of dryer sheets that had gone under the couch.  The cool part, it actually came out from under the couch before it shut itself down.  It's gotten wrapped up in dryer sheets and other "stringy" things that it found under beds and tables, but it was really easy to clear them.The App:  The app only has 2.5 stars, so I wasn't expecting much, but it has worked flawlessly for me.  I like the "Charging" button. When you push it, the DeeBot stops vacuuming and heads back to the charging station.  The manual says it needs 3' on either side.  I have it crammed into an area with only 5" on either side and it always docks itself perfectly.  I haven't set up any "Scheduled Cleaning Tasks" in the app yet, but don't see why it wouldn't work.Comes with an extra filter.  Trust me, you will be amazed and likely a little repulsed, by the amount of dust this thing grabs.  You'll see what the filter is catching and be happy it has it.It's pretty quick and thorough.  It gets into every room of our 3000' sq ft home each time I send it to vacuum and it's thorough.  I always check the rooms for small trash and that trash is always gone when I check back.II can't wait for the time it comes back with very little dust.  It has to help our allergies by getting so much of it out of our house.Cons:It seems a little loud but compared to a regular vacuum, this thing is way quieter.  You can easily talk while it's moving around the room.If I run into any issues, I'll update my review as needed.  In the meantime, I highly recommend this!,I've had this bot for about a month now and I am still impressed by it. I initially made this purchase because I have a long haired German shepherd and a cat so the hair in my home is never ending!! I do not have an open concept home and this bot makes it to each room, and back when it needs to charge.What really impressed me it this bot's ability to maneuver. It climbs up and down the small ridge that divides the tile in my kitchen from the hardwood in the living room. I was also so amazed at the fact that it goes over my black area rug without an issue, yet still doesn't fall off of the steps that go downstairs! I've heard that dark colored rugs are an issue with other brands but not ECOVACS!Since I have two fur children, the bot runs daily and I have to empty it each time! I prefer to run it when I'm home so that I can monitor it. I don't ever want to deal with the bot running over hairballs or puke. Plus, my dog is a drool monster and covers kitchen floor with water if he takes a drink. Needless to say, I have to make sure the floor is ready for vacuuming before I start it. It's so easy to do a quick floor check beforehand and that gives me peace of mind.The app is great! After the initial wifi set up (so easy) I haven't touched the remote that it comes with.The ONLY complaint I've had so far is that the app takes a while to connect to the bot. It's kind of a hit or miss on whether it will connect. I have to refresh my app many times. This could be an issue with my wifi network and I have not heard of many people having this issue.If you are thinking about purchasing...DO IT., Bought this cause we rarely sweep! We have a big house with carpet in bedrooms and tile throughout living areas and kitchen; 2300 sq feet. This thing goes EVERYWHERE and in every room. If u are like me and we never sweep, be prepared to empty this thing OFTEN. If you’re a girl, be prepared to clean the brush more than once a week to remove your hair. So u will need to dump often at first. Cons tho: gets stuck under low kitchen metal chairs and you have to make sure cables and little things are off the floor or it will get caught and mess it up. It unplugged one of our security camera, made that fall and now our camera is broken. If anything changes, I’ll change my review.,This is probably a fine choice if you don't have animals and if you don't have anything to compare it to. I had a Roomba previously for my wood/laminate mix 1800 sq ft main floor. It got stuck on rugs and couldn't always direct itself into the very separate rooms of my older house. I finally got fed up and traded it in for this robot vacuum. I am very unimpressed with the suction. I have two larger dogs, so my demands are maybe higher than others. I also have a lot of dirt coming into the house from a myriad of outdoor activities. Even if this robot finally picks up the top layer of hair and dirt, the floors still feel grimy--not so with the Roomba. I just feel like the suction is not as powerful as our demands. I would not recommend buying this vacuum (even for the low price right now) if your live in a larger space and want your floors to really feel clean. I still have the darn thing but am going to start working on the return. I'll keep searching for a powerful and smart robot vacuum for our space.,Just moved into our new home and Deebot was the perfect present to myself. We have one dog and mostly wood floors and it works wonders. It is a little loud but nothing compared to a normal vacuum cleaner. We run it at 11:30PM and have no complaints. It usually gets the floors spotless and rarely have we had an issue with it getting stuck. It does drag and push stuff around if you let it. Keep small items like flip flops, power cables and other similar items off of the floor. Sometimes it will get under the couch and while I appreciate the extra cleaning effort he does like to get stuck on my surround sound cables under there. Easy fix is to block off areas with a shoe or boot. $150 and you'll have clean floors 3x a week and cleaning out the robot is a piece of cake. Open it up, remove the 3 filters, wash two of them and shake out the other. Clean the brushes monthly and also check out the app to see when the replacement brushes and filters are due.,I just got this yesterday after ordering it on sale on Prime Day but so far I'm extremely impressed. We have hardwood looking vinyl floors with area rugs scattered throughout. The main living space in our home is open and Denise (my vacuum's new name) did really well navigating the area. Also, I like how she senses obstacles and turns before making direct contact. We have jute rugs and indoor bunnies so the dust and fibers from the rugs is pretty substantial. We don't wear shoes in the house and I swept less than a week ago and in the 110 minutes she ran before getting low on battery, I emptied two bins worth of stuff. You don't realize how dirty your floors are until you have a robotic vacuum go over them, or at least I didn't ;-). I definitely looking forward to using this every day and I can only hope that longevity goes hand in hand with the performance of this machine. I don't know how I ever went so long without this but I'm sure glad I have it now! I rely heavily on reviews before making a purchase and this seems to be very comparable to one of the cheaper Roomba models but the price is much more reasonable, especially if you catch it on sale like I did! I am so excited to have clean floors daily and for my husband to be able to walk around barefoot without complaining! LOL (but seriously). I'm very pleased with my purchase and would definitely recommend it to others (as I have done three times already since last night).,I have to admit I was a bit dubious that a robot vacuum cleaner could handle my house which is overstuffed with furniture, high threshholds and throw rugs (not to mention the two long-haired cats and two medium-sized dogs that shed constantly). I am however thrilled with my Ecovacs Deebot N79. It gets over my i/4 inch thresholds and rug edges that are at least 3/8" higher than the floor with no problem. I run it every morning for 20-30 minutes while I get ready for work and I am continually amazed that it never fails to fill. ( I generally empty it twice during that period.) I considered buying the more famous brand, older cousin of Deebot, but after reading reviews about Deebot being quieter, I decided to risk less money as I was convinced nothing would really get the pet hair and dust from our country roads that well. I was wrong and am so pleased to have rugs and floors that look clean and improve the appearance of my home immensely.Quality of vacuuming: Hmm, yes, some say not as good as a full-sized machine (how could it be?), BUT... I have yet for the machine to come back to me without the drawer being full, so it is definitely cleaning stuff. If it ever comes to me empty, then I will open a bottle of champagne and celebrate having absolutely clean floors. Then I will lock the doors so no more dirt can get in and we will go live somewhere else so I can crow forever about having a completely clean house! In other words, I am very happy with what Deebot manages to pick up every single day!Only twice has Deebot had to issue a help call - once when it swallowed a ball of yarn and once when it got very long human hairs caught in the rollers. I have on a couple of occasions used the remote to steer it clear of a narrow canyon of furniture, just because it was painful to me to see it backing and turning over and over (even though I suspect the randomized path programming would mean that it would eventually have found its way out of the tight spot.). I admit to being a bit of an over-protective mother and have nudged it at a threshhold or redirected it when I worried that it might have difficulties, but even so, it has spent many hours wandering around un-supervised in a home full of knitting, art supplies and atypical furnishings and it has always been fine. I confess to helping guide it to the recharge station at times, since it seems to look for it randomly and when I push the return home button on the remote it sometimes trots offf in the completely wrong direction. I have never been brave enough to let it run until it ran out of energy to see if it actually could find the charging station rather than getting stranded. (Guess I'll try that today. - Hmm. well I ran it for more than an hour and it didn't run out of power, so I sent it to its docking station - I may never know the answerto this one! ;-))I really like the different modes:..One is for perimeters - meaning the Deebot veers to the right consistently so that it can do all the baseboards and make a huge circle of the house...One is a spiral (so-called spot cleaning) - Just set the Deebot on spiral and it will make large circular spirals from the spot where it starts and pretty much covers every inch of a room or area...One is the random path (which I am convinced is necessary to help to keep the machine from getting stuck in tight places and simply making exactly the same moves over and over.) I use this one the most.I got this type of vacuum because I have cats and a very skittish bulldog (who all hate the noise of the reguar vacuum cleaner.) While my animal companions are not really fond of the Deebot, it is quiet enough that nobody is bothered by it - (cats usually relocate to another room), I have watched as dogs simply stood where they were as the Deebot approached them, and then when Deebot sensed the dog, it would turn and thus go around the "blockage".  The Deebot has run into my Pompug's foot and then turned and the dog didn't even seem to notice or care. Generally the Deebot senses walls and things blocking its way and doesn't even touch them before it turns and follows another course.Tip about placing the docking station: The leaflet says you need a clear meter length of wall for the docking station. I do not have that - every inch of my walls is obstructed by furniture or air ducts. So, I got an extension cord and a wooden board. I set the board (for stability) in front of the back two legs of a wide chair and then ran the extension cord to the board and thus placed the docking station under the wide chair.  The board gives the Deebot something hard to press up against (so that the docking station doesn't move around while it is trying to dock) and the chair has enough space for the Deebot to maneuver under to dock (and Deebot is also out of sight while still being stored in the living area - which is where it needs to do the most work.)Tip for those who are driven crazy by the randomness of the Deebot path: (Put the Deebot in the middle of your room and set it on spot clean/spiral. Then it will cover almost all of the floor methodically. Once a week or so (YMMV) set it on perimeter so it will pick up stuff that has drifted to the walls. Voila! Full coverage vacuuming!I have to admit the funness of the Deebot makes me a much better housekeeper. I think twice about putting stuff on the floor (because I use the Deebot everyday), so I have developed better "putting things away" habits. I also clean more frequently (every day) because I don't have to lug a heavy vacuum cleaner up and down the stairs to use it. (Plus, like the animals, I have always hated the noise of the vacuum cleaner!)Here's the "Down and Dirty":Pros:∆.  Gosh, my whole house looks better with clean floors!∆.  Robot vacuum cleaners are fun to watch! (Maybe that's a con - I certainly have better things to do with my time than watch a robot, but...)∆.  Quiet enough not to upset the bulldog or cats! (A huge plus!)∆.  Manages unexpectedly high threshholds∆.  Guidable/programmable with remote so you can clean specific areas, do perimeters or avoid annoying areas.∆.  Rarely hits walls or objects, but senses them and turns in advance. (It will bump things that have a small footprint sometimes).∆.  Does a surprisingly good job with pet hair.∆.  Does sense large heights - doesn't fall down stairs.∆.  Filtering system seems to work pretty well and prevent dust from being raised the way larger vacuum cleaners do.Cons:∆.  Probably isn't as thorough as a regular full-sized vacuum cleaner.  It doesn't notice when it misses something the way a person behind the machine does.∆.  Drawer for dust is sometimes hard to maneuver into slot.∆.  No towers to block of "dangerous" areas (Personally I don't feel I need them)∆.  Dust drawer is small, (athough I haven't ever let it get so full that something happens - so I don't know what happens if it gets overfull.)∆.  Takes a long time for Deebot to find the recharge station.∆.  Brushing off the filters when you empty the dust can get old, but I assume it prolongs the life of the mechanism and is a small price to pay really.,So far it is amazing. It cleans for a couple hours every other day. I live in a studio apartment with an open floor plan, so this vacuum bounces around until it runs out of batteries.At first I was worried it would miss a bunch of spots, but eventually it bumps into everything and cover all the ground. It makes me wish I had a fancier one with better sensor and cleaning algorithms, but I can buy 4 of these for the same price.I have already modified mine into a home defense bot with spinning razor blades and lights. More to come later...,What a great little vacuum cleaner.  Took it out of the box, charged it up, and set it about its work.  Cleaned an entire 2000 square foot area on the fits go.  We now close off the doors and do the house in two or three separate sessions.  It is trivially easy to control with the included remote control.  Have not downloaded the app, so I cannot discuss that.  It is so quiet we just run it every three days or so and it picks up all of the cat fur just perfectly!,It does a fairly decent job of cleaning the middle of the room, but it has several drawbacks that make it fairly useless to me: 1. It doesn't clean close to the edges of the room, even in edge-cleaning mode. It manages to hug the walls, but the poor suction hole placement still results in about 4 inches along the walls that never get cleaned (see pic). 2. the cliff detection is sporadic at best. After only a few days of use, it stopped working reliably and kept trying to commit suicide down the stairs. 3. It won't go under furniture even if there are a few inches of clearance, so that means dust bunnies under the bed can live without fear.,Update: 1/5/18Dusty bit the dust after only 1 month of use. Woke up and found that he stopped taking a charge and won't turn on anymore. Definitely a defective product. Too bad, he was such a good cleaner. Requested a refund and returning it.Wrote November 25, 2017This little guy is a hard worker! He's set up to clean every day at a specific time. The phone app is great to schedule a cleaning and to return it to the charger, can also check battery and gives you the life span of the accessories. This picked up so much dust and debris... here I thought I kept a tidy house. Definitely recommend this! Great as a gift! I am obsessed with running it and finding the dust tray packed full of dirt. My floors no longer have pieces of dirt that I step on. It's smooth walking. Excellent on hardwood floors and low carpet and rugs. Best value without the astronomical cost of a Roomba.,Holy crap, this thing is amazing!!! I would give it 10 stars. We have a cleaning crew every other week that does an impeccable job, but with 2 toddlers and a golden retriever, we just can’t keep up. I am amazed at how much this gets every.single.day. I feel like my cleaning crew comes daily, we feel spoiled!!!! This thing is so smart, my husband and I are more than impressed. Best decision ever!!,I've been pretty pleased with my Roomba 770 for 3-1/2 years. My biggest gripe is how LOUD it is, kinda like a Dustbuster strapped onto a kid's toy truck. My trusty Roomba is really showing its age and, based on the excellent reviews and attractive price, I decided to buy the Deebot N79. Good move!The Deebot is much, much quieter. I can definitely hear it "whirring" as it trundles around, but I can watch TV or listen to the radio while it runs; we used the Roomba 770 only when leaving the house.The Deebot uses two side brushes (the Roomba uses one) with gentle sucking and brushing action to snork up junk. It wanders randomly through my 1500 square foot house, room to room, avoiding or gently nudging objects. The cleaning action is impressive on my laminate and tile floors with scattered rugs. I'm appalled at how much dust, cat hair, crumbs and general grunge the N79 picked up on the first pass, even though I'd run the Roomba the day before (see photo). The Deebot actually does a BETTER cleaning job than the Roomba 770 which cost me three times as much!The Deebot is slightly smaller and much lighter than the Roomba 770. It comes with a remote control for various actions, but simply pressing "auto" works best. If the Deebot gets lost you can press a button so it gives out three loud "beeps" allowing you to track the critter down. I appreciate it because robot vacuums sometimes (rarely) get stuck. The Deebot runs for about 90-100 minutes before it trundles back to the charger; the Roomba 770 runs for two hours.The Deebot WiFi app downloads and works perfectly on my venerable Galaxy S5 and Galaxy Tab S2. It allows you to verify the battery charge, shows error messages, provides backup controls and a locator "beep" if the Deebot gets lost.DOWNSIDE: My one--and only--significant complaint is that the Deebot does not have a built-in carrying handle like the Roomba. The Deebot really needs one because you need to pick it up to empty the bay after each run.Anyway, this is a great little robot vacuum at an affordable price--a solid 4-1/2 stars. If I ever have a problem I'll update this review immediately.,Edit:: I have had the Deebot for 2 months now and need to edit my review. It doesn’t even worth anymore because I get the “bumper exception” error constantly. I have cleaned the whole thing and even used a tips to clean under the bumper. The bumper moves freely so it’s definitely not stuck. Going to try and figure out if I can return this thing and go back to the Roomba. It was crazy but at least it worked!I am obsessed. I previously had a Roomba. I had some problems with it, but overall it made my life easier. My house flooded in Hurricane Harvey. I was so proud of myself for remembering to pick the Roomba up so it didn't flood. But I forgot it was on a timer... So at 7am it dove off the TV stand into the water. I was very sad and debating buying another but they are just so dang expensive. I have 2 big dogs that shed like CRAZY so after sweeping for 3 weeks I decided I HAD to buy another one.I searched for the Roomba on Amazon and this one came up in similar items. It was cheaper and had really good reviews so I thought I'd give it a shot. Here's why I love it:-It is so quiet! Of course you can still hear it but with the Roomba it was so loud there was no way you could watch TV. This is much more quiet.-It doesn't get stuck under every single thing like the Roomba did. Every day my Roomba would be wedged under the fridge or under the couch, and it couldn't make it under my coffee/end table. My boyfriend used to tell me how stupid it was because it couldn't even get around the house without getting stuck. My response was always "well it helps me with even the part it makes it through before getting stuck!!" This one hasn't got stuck under anything! And it's shorter so it can get under more things.-It's sensors seem to work better. The Roomba would go full speed into a closed door or a wall. This one actually senses something is ahead and slows down.-Besides that, it does what it's supposed to do. It picks up all kinds of dust and dog hair. I have to empty the tank every day but that's to be expected! And I LOVE it when I see the tank is full (because look at all that dog hair I didn't have to sweep!!).,Update #2: I received a replacement unit from Ecovacs and it has none of the issues the initial unit had. It cleans extremely well and my experience with their customer service has been amazing.I bought this to replace an aging Neato XV-21 that I really liked but has been having issues lately. Since receiving it, I've run it on "Auto" mode twice while I've been out of the house and checked up on it via the app. The first time it stopped after an hour with a "Main Brush Malfunction". When I got home, it was sitting in the middle of the floor with nothing tangled in the brush, so I put it back on the charger. I ran it again this morning and checked up on it after about an hour and the app says there's an "Anti-Drop malfunction". So far it has managed to vacuum my house exactly zero times. Not impressed at all.Update: I decided to give it one more shot and the third attempted run has resulted in a third failure with a "malfunction" error.,I am obsessed with this little vacuum. I love him so much I named him Herbie (after Herbert Hoover) and gave him googly eyes (see picture). I have two dogs and two cats, and I HATE vacuuming with a passion. I run this baby once every other day or so and he cleans up an amazing amount of pet hair in his little dust bin. He tends to get stuck under my dishwasher occasionally, and about 1/2 the time he can't find his way back to his base. However, I have to empty him out after use anyway, so I'm happy to put him back to charge afterward. He also fits under my couch, which is a blessing, because I have probably vacuumed under that big heavy thing four times in the six years we've lived in our house. He does tend to miss a few corners because he's round and can't reach due to furniture placement, but I'd rather suck up the occasional corner dust bunny with the shop vac and let Herbie do the rest than have to do all of the vacuuming myself! My house has never felt so clean, and he is so quiet I can watch a movie while he does his thing!,The girlfriend wanted a cat, but I didn't want a cat; so we compromised and got a cat. The girlfriend wanted a puppy, but I didn't want a puppy; so we compromised and got a puppy. I wanted a roomba, but the girlfriend didn't want a roomba; so we compromised, and risking an argument, I snuck a Deebot N79 into our family for Prime Day.As expected, it didn't go that well. She threatened to throw it out, despite my having gotten a great deal on it. She said it was ugly and useless, which - when it's turned off it kinda is.After one test run, it did a good job of vacuuming the bedroom with hardwood floors. My skeptical girlfriend started to warm up to it so she decided to put it im the living room with the pets. They're not real happy about it. The cat glares at it (like she does everything else) and the puppy just stays out of its way, but because it's so quiet, they're not freaked out by it. The house is now cleaner than it would be than had I done the vacuuming. Except the corners. I'll do those... I promise.Pros:Quiet. Brushless motors FTW.While at this price, it's not a "smart" vacuum, it's well programmed to bumble around the house and eveually clean pretty much everything.Automatically returns to its charging dock when you tell it via remote, or it runs low on battery.It works a lot better than I expected, especially at this price point. We had a embarrassingly dusty under-bed area, and the N79 handled it like a champ.You can "drive" it with the remote. Good for chasing animals.Low rider. It can limbo under anything except congress' approval rating.Hypoallergenic.Doesn't have "accidents"No vet bills.Doesn't bark.Cons:Doesn't come when called.Terrible at fetch.Overall:Most useful dog ever.,Boy I wish I could give it 0 stars. At first, we loved it. Then after a month it stopped and started beeping one day. I pulled out my phone and opened their app. It had a warning that the side brushes were stuck. Not the case though. To be sure I took the side brushes off completely. Still would not start. I had the unit replaced. Now, after about a month, its done the same thing as the first one. The unit is in pristine condition. We keep it very well maintained and clear of any debris. Beware!,OMG! I LOVE this! I've been using since it arrived! I love it the kids love it and the dogs...well...they hide from it..lol..I wasn't sure if I set the wifi up because there was nothing saying it was connected?..but then I pressed auto on the remote and OMG it moved! it was so cool! so I guess it was pretty easy to set it up..I down loaded the app onto my phone.I went under my couch!!! but got stuck under the elliptical as its not as high..so I blocked that area off.It swept 5 rooms and an entry and hallway....that pretty much filled it up...I couldn't believe how much was in it?! I have a ledge that goes into my family room & it stopped... it wouldn't go in there..its so smart!...My shoe was in its way and it stopped short of it and went around it..I LOVE IT!  no complaints yet...I'll soon post my video! I wasn't paid for this review..Im a real person,My wife recently purchase an iRobot 980 and then I saw a deal on the Ecovacs N79 during black Friday.  I couldn't believe the price difference and then read the associated positive reviews.  I thought we had to try the Ecovacs before absolutely committing to iRobot.  Having used the iRobot for a few days prior to the Ecovacs showing up from Amazon, we were delighted about how clever the vacuum actually navigated the house, communicated its bin being full and returned to the charging base and continuing its job.  Our first impressions were that we should have bought a robot vacuum long ago.  When the Ecovacs showed up, we gave the iRobot a break and let the Ecovacs do its thing.  It is certainly quieter and shorter.  It even looks very similar to the iRobot.  Its initial run resulted in it exploring the first floor of our house without too much trouble.  It was vacuuming and filling its bin.  I thought we had stumbled onto a low cost solution.  It didn't return to its home base for recharging though before completely exhausting its battery.  My initial reaction was not to get too disappointed because it likely was still familiarizing itself with our house.  Once charged, we let it run again, and it vacuumed our master bedroom, unchartered territory after its first run in other rooms.  And it did vacuum this room, 3 times in succession.  It wouldn't leave the room and the door it entered the room with was still open.  It died trying to super clean our bedroom.  We carried it to the charging station, emptied its bin and gave it another go after allowing it to charge overnight.  What do you know, it returned to the bedroom (there are 6 other rooms on the first floor it hadn't really clean yet and had supposedly mapped) for more cleaning.  After vacuuming it twice, it left and died in our dining room.  Carrying it back to the charging station again, we looked deeper into the phone App to see if it was actually our fault in the setup.  We couldn't identify anything out of order and the vacuum was set to "Auto."  There is no mapping feature to actually see where the robot has been or where it is. Further reading of the manual says that "Room" cleaning feature is for you to use when you carry the robot to a room and shut the door.  Huh?  This thing needs to just do its job, like the iRobot and we shouldn't have to baby-sit it.  That sounds a little spoiled I know but the whole point of these things is to take care of the routine floor cleaning until a deeper clean with our house vac is necessary.  The good is that it does indeed vacuum.  It struggles on low pile rugs we have in certain rooms laid on top of wood floors.  The bad is that, unlike the iRobot, doesn't increase its vacuum power or current to the drive wheels when vacuuming on the rug surface.  The App is abysmal and really can't be used for anything than to tell the N79 to start vacuuming.  The biggest complaint we have is that it would never return to its home base before depleting its charge.  I imagine that Ecovacs will eventually get it right and compete with the bigger brands but now is probably not the time to buy into their products.  I am really surprised at how many positive reviews there are here.  We certainly didn't have the same experience.,It arrived today! (11/24/17) It didn't take long to set it up and charge it up, and off it went on its maiden voyage across my floors. It was scary how much dog and cat hair it picked up just doing a corners/walls only sweep. I just cleaned my house yesterday for company on Thanksgiving Day. I thought it was clean. I guess not! It runs suprisingly quiet. So far, I love it. I wish I'd had one a long time ago. It's my Chrismas present to myself. Great present. I haven't tried any of the fancy features, but I'm impressed already. I'll do an update in a few days.Update (11/30/17) OMG! I love this thing! How in the world did I ever live without it? My house has never been cleaner. No more clouds and drifts of cat and dog hair. No more dust and dirt. No more kitty litter on the floor. It's like magic! Even my boss walked into my home and noticed instantly how clean it was and remarked that he wished his house was as clean as mine. It couldn't be easier to maintain the beauty of my nice clean home. I gave "him" a name. Robbie. Dirt, Will Robinson! Dirt, Will Robinson! Not any more. Robbie takes care of that. I love him. I want to marry him. He does my hardwood floors better than I ever could. Sometimes he gets trapped under my desk or under the edge of the kitchen cabinets, but he lets out his little plaintive beeps and I rescue him. Now if only I could teach him to do the dishes. LOL I'll do another update in a few wekks. :),This is my third robot vacuum.  the first two were, well you know the name.  very first one lasted about three years so not to bad.  second i went all out and spent quit a bit of money on to get the bells and whistles.  it lasted two years and then the motherboard fried.  it took a while of ordering new wheels and talking to customer support before i found out it was the motherboard.  i was ok with this because stuff happens but when supports suggestion to fix the problem was to buy a new machine at a zero discounted price and has zero option to sell me the motherboard or to fix my machine i was furious.  600 bucks down the drain.  i could get a MBV off ebay for 180 bucks or i could refuse to ever purchase said name brand ever again and start looking at all of the other new manufacturers.  when robot vacuums first came out this wasn't an option but now it is!let me tell you this robot is fantastic and the price is perfect to the point i feel like i am getting a deal.  i love a good price point.  it gets me every time.  so far the great things about this bot are that its quiet as a mouse; the phone app capabilities are perfect with daily scheduling, plus it looks like they can update the app to get different functionality like maybe for future updates make it so that a scheduled event can do different kinds of cleaning like walls on Monday  at 1pm and auto clean on Tuesday at 1pm.  as it is you can set the day of the weeks or days and the time.  you can set multiple instances if you like.  this is not a super smart robot but for how long the battery lasts and as quiet as it is, that doesn't matter to me at all.  it is smart enough to clean really well.  it is smarter than my last robot as it doesn't bump into my cats food and water and that is pretty smart.  it does not have vitrual walls but its ability to sense things like my cats water dish make it to where i don't need virtual walls.  it doesn't map out the room but then most competitors don't and it is probably a useless feature anyway, just sounds cool.  if this is your first robot you will not be disappointed with this robot.  if this isn't your first robot, then stop giving competitors ridiculous amounts of money for products they won't stand behind.,I did a lot of research before purchasing this -- we have a toddler and a dog and the result is lots of pet hair and crumbs all over my house. I found myself sweeping and vacuuming every day in order to keep up with it. So we decided to try this vacuum. I'm impressed with how much this vacuum picks up, but I ultimately ended up returning it. The vacuum travels in a straight line until it meets an obstacle and then arbitrarily changes direction. I found that it was missing a lot of spots for that reason. The remote is a nice feature and allows for controlling where the vacuum goes, but in turn, requires a lot of babysitting. I figure if I'm going to stand and control where this vacuum goes, I may as well just vacuum and sweep myself and save the $200 and the time it takes emptying it and cleaning the brush roll everyday. Would probably work better in a home that isn't an open floor plan.,Worked great for two weeks, then it got a side brush malfunction. I've called their customer service repeatedly, finally get a call back from from someone that barely speaks English. She instructs me to change the brushes to new ones (it wasn't time for new brushes), I press the auto button and it works for another 5 mins then gets another side brush malfunction. This vacuum worked great, but is now non functional. Buyer beware.,I paid $160 for this robovac and at that price point it is an amazing deal.I've been using it for about two months now.PROS:- cost/benefit is great.- It picks up a ton of dirt and dust every time. I run it every other day and it still picks things up, in a recently deep cleaned apartment.- It is very quiet, you almost wouldn't think its a vacuum.- It has a very low profile and so can get under my couch and bed without getting stuck- It has a good mobile app that lets you remote control, schedule, see the status (battery) etc.CONS:- It does get stuck occasionally. Usually its on the same culprits.It is NOT good at getting itself unstuck. Even when the solution is to backup it seems to not be able to free itself. You can mitigate this by blocking problem spots.- Its 'auto' cleaning method is very random. It basically just bounces around randomly although it does follow walls sometimes when it detects them. If you have carpet you can see the cleaning pattern is random crisscrosses. It still gets the job done though.Conclusion: Very happy with the product, I think I'd have paid up to $200 for it.,Very solid product for the price. It definitely helps to keep the house clean in between vacuums and does better than me by going under the sofas and areas a full size vac won't reach. It did struggle to go on our area rugs but it is not because of the height it is because our rugs have a black border so the sensors think it is going on stairs. I taped white paper over the sensors since we will use this unit only on our first floor and now the Deebot has no problems taking on the rugs. Overall I think this is a terrific buy for the money. As other have stated, the manual states the remote comes witth batteries when they are not included in the box. Customer service has been exceptional.UPDATE: So we have had the Deebot N79 for two weeks now and I think it actually works better now than when we first purchased it.  We have dark wood floors and this thing keeps them very clean. I do clean the dust bin, filters and rotating brushes each day. I figured out a little trick. The two outer brushes have bristles that tend to fan out after a few uses, especially on carpet and rugs. If you tie them back together with bread ties while you are using the spare brushes the bristles will form back together like new again. When you first buy this you will think it is avoiding the edges. It does tend to run a random pattern but later it will work it's way towards the wall and furniture edges. We have mostly wood floors where we run it and it went over 90 minutes today. I do pick up items from the floor before vacuuming just as I would with an upright vacuum. Keep anything that would get caught in a standard vacuum out of the way and you should have very good luck with this. We have a kitchen table with 6 chairs and I do pull them away from the table a little bit so the Deebot has some room to maneuver. After two weeks we are extremely pleased with out purchase and I cannot imagine not having one. I do believe results may vary depending upon your home's layout. About the vac returning home to it's charger. Think of it as a ship wandering the ocean but it can't find home until it sees the lighthouse. The charging station puts out what I assume is an IR light signal. When the bot is looking for the charger it only makes it's way home when it happens to "see" the charger while randomly searching. When you hit the home/charging button it wanders around until it comes into the path of the charger. With the layout of our home this has not been an issue.***** Excellent customer service via email ********,For the cost, this is a decent robot vacuum with minimal programming options. It would work great if you had a very simple lay out (studio apartment)  and lived alone. The vacuum power itself seems decent, but it gets lost in our small 900 sq ft one story craftsman quite often. It definitely isn't mapping your layout like some of the higher end devices do.  Right now, I am watching mine continually drive itself into our breakfast nook in a circle (and it's not cleaning, it is supposed to be returning to its dock!),Disappointed.  The device 'works' as long as your expectations are in line with its functionality. However, based up on reviews here and elsewhere mine were not.  I expected a device that would map my room(s) and proceed to intelligently clean them, recharge when needed, and make my life easier.  I didn't get any of those 3.The Deebot does vacuum well, dust bin was always full of dirt, no complaints there.  The problems I encountered were with its navigation.  Never once did the vacuum make it back to the charger. We would return home to find it dead in a random location or, most often, within 2' of the charger.  Mapping is non-existent, the unit does not map the room it wanders around randomly bouncing from obstacle to obstacle.  I don't see how this device would ever clean an entire room as it has no idea where it's been, where it's going, and what's not clean.In short, if you want a robot vacuum that cleans well, but doesn't recharge itself, wanders randomly around the room and never cleans the entire floor this is for you.  Maybe this is an acceptable at the price point ($200) to some, but I expect more.,I bought this vacuum, we affectionately name Bob, while on sale -- you know, see if this type of vacuum would work for our family before investing big bucks in the big name one.  Sorry, Bob for speaking that truth.  But those were my intentions.  I got Bob and set him up -- very simple to do.  And quickly put him to work because I'm cruel that way.  I didn't even give him a chance to acclimate to his new home.  But like the trooper Bob is, he went to work and sucked up so much dirt in my clean house, I was shocked and very appreciative.  I patted him on the back after he intelligently came back to base to rest and recharge.I have three small dogs.  They track in a lot of tiny dust and dirt.  Stuff that I can't see but can feel.  It would drive me nuts.  Even after sweeping with the broom, the dirt and dust would taunt me.  That was until Bob came home.  Dirt and dust is no match for Bob.  He finds things I didn't know we even had.  He's amazing.  I can't say enough good things about him.  My hope is that Bob knows how much we love and appreciate him.If you're looking to invest in a robotic vacuum cleaner, give this one a try!,Okay look it works fine.  If you have a dog who sheds a ton, mind the roller because it does get clogged with long dog hair.  Transitions from hardwood to carpet fine.  Gets stuck under the dishwasher, but it will turn itself off and send out a distress signal.The thing is, I set a schedule for it, and the first week it worked fine.  Then suddenly 5 days ago it started coming on at 6am, daily.  I've reset everything multiple times.  Still, 6am, every day.I don't understand.  Is my cat turning it on?  Can my cat tell time?  Is the Deebot sentient?  We did name him Phil, maybe that was a mistake.Last night, for the first time, Phil woke up at 2am.  I think he's testing us.  Pls help.Update:  Not only did I get an email with instructions on how to reset the schedule (another update: it WAS the cat!), customer service really strives for 5 stars - sending out extra accessories, asking for feedback, etc.  Updated to 5 stars.,There are a lot of really positive things about this vacuum but enough of a negative that if I could do it over again, I would not have bought one.  It's important to note that it becomes more frustrating over time so you may not come to fully regret your purchase until after the return window has closed.Pros:-It is much quieter than I was expecting, even with all the reviews describing how quiet it is.  Unlike some, I felt I needed to turn up the tv if it was cleaning but not by much-The vacuum suction/cleaning appears to be very good.  The bin is fills up with a lot dust every time, even running every day.-It does not get tangled up in things I would expect it to, like most cords/shoes laces/etc.  Not to say it won't get caught in these things and that you shouldn't make sure they're cleaned up but it proved much less prone to these problems than I expected.-Returning to the charger works better than I expected.  It does return, although its mostly by wandering so it can take a while.  The problem is that this feature does not do any good whatsoever as described below.-The combination of wifi and remote is really handy, particularly for error codes and finding itCon:There's really only one con, but it is annoying enough to negate everything positive about it.  This thing gets stuck everywhere and all the time.  It finds things that are exactly the right height to get wedged under, gaps that are just big enough for it to get in but not out and the anti-drop sensor has a ridiculous number of false alarms.  Even with trying to fence off all of the problem areas, it still keeps finding new ones 6 weeks later.  It has an anti-drop malfunction every time it goes over a floor vent.  I even installed those magnetic vent deflectors but it just pushes those out of the way and then gets stuck.  Sometimes it just stops in with no obvious cause with the same malfunction.  I have cleaned the sensors multiple times as advised by the manual and technical support but they never appear dirty or improve after cleaning.  Their support was friendly and quick to respond but ultimately just acknowledged that it will get stuck and told me to clean the sensors.  For every cleaning cycle, I have to rescue it about five or six times. It hasn't made it through one cycle unattended since the one time the first day I ran it. If there was an easy way to keep it out of problem areas or rooms then I'd probably give it four or five stars but given that I have to be home and constantly looking after it when the cycle is running, it defeats the whole purpose.  Is also seems to be getting worse over time even with cleaning the sensors and the brush so I'd be surprised if I'm even still trying to use it in 6 months.,This robot is great! I've wanted a robot vacuum for years but the Roombas are way out of my budget. I shed hair heavily enough I needed a brushless vacuum and then got a long haired cat. My regular vacuum wasn't cutting it and I had to start brushing my floor with a boar bristle brush just to get rid of matting hair.The bristle brush on the Deebot is working great and the hair hasn't gotten tangled. I had that problem with previous vacuums to the point the brush would stop spinning. The brush automatically stops if it senses a problem so it won't break! If the brush gets tangled in something the bot ceases all functions and beeps while flashing a red light. Tangled items are easy to remove.Bit needs to be supervised first run because of the things it can tangle up in. I'll have to find a Deebot - safe area for a hanging cloth hamper. Pet food/water bowls will be pushed (gently) around the kitchen so need to be put away before running Deebot. Any pet toys/boxes/beds etc also need to be moved. As another reviewer said the place needs to be clutter free for the vacuum to do its job.Vacuum goes up and over rugs well, even wrinkled ones, and climbs the barrier between tile and carpet with a few tries. If stuck it rotates and scoots forward until free.Seems 50/50 on picking up cat litter. Either it gets the litter or flicks it around. Great at hair and general dust so I'm golden.Very quiet to run. Maybe a quarter of the noise produced by my other vacuum. Gently bumps into more objects than it avoids. This means it will push small or lightweight items around the house and knock over brooms. Doesn't strike hard enough to damage itself or the item.Ming, my cat, has been hilariously "traumatized". She keeps standing in front of the Deebot while it moves forward. The result is a fluffed cat backing around the house while "chased" by a vacuum.,Is a Great vacuum cleaner. I was between this and a Eufy. Went with this one just because of a rebate code. Bought two.I have been using this for about three weeks now, and I am very, very happy, and would buy again, this or the Eufy. Having said that, read reviews and do your due diligence before plunging. I have no pets and no carpet at home. If you have high pile carpet, area rugs with strands on the edges, or pets, you need a more powerful and smarter model, ECOVACS or otherwise. I have not interacted much with tech support, aside from some automated emails, but that has been ok, and the buzz on the net indicates that these guys are good.I will not wax lyrical about how geat it is (which it is), and how cleaner my house is now (which it is). Suffie it to say that this thing finds dust and hair I never knew  was there, even after mopping the whole freaking house!Instead, I'll offer a few words to the wise, which I think is more helpful to aid your decition.1.) VERY IMPORTANT: I've never seen this mentioned in any review (maybe I am the first to notice), but, if the electricity goes out (say, because of a Blackout), the robot will wake up and start looking for a charger!!!! Of course, it will make noise while doing it... Even if it is the middle of the night and it wakes you up!!! ;-) .  It could have been easy to solve (a magnetic switch in the robot, and a small magnet in the base, but none of the chinese engineers thought of it, if the next model boast that, I expect a sample unit at least ;-) or a job offer). If you do not want to be woken up in the middle of the night, or if you will be leaving home for a long while (vacation, business trip), turn off the robot. But remember to turn it on again at your earliest convenienece, is not good to leave the robot off unless absolutely necesary.2.) Also, never seen this mentioned, the dirt receptacle seems to be NOT 100% airthight (or maybe the side brushes are super powerfull, which I doubt), so, after a job, the top of the robot will be covered in dust. Do not get me wrong, the robot will clean full well, is just unsighty, and detracts a little from the "HEPPA Filter" claims. Not a problem for me, but for someone with asthma or alergies hoping for a magic solution in this, is a thing to consider.3.) Most of the serious reviews in magazines ("thesweethome" for example, google it) tell you that this is one of the most silent robot vacuums around. While I do not dispute those claims, I dispute some comments on certain sites (including amazon) that claim that you can "hardly hear it", or that "it purs like a pet" or that you can have a conversation or watch TV while this thing is on in the same room. No way!4.) If you search on the net, you will see that people have all sorts of problems connecting the vacs to the Smartphone APP. I also had problems, but since my phone is not Android propper (Blackberry Q10 here), I have not contacted tech support. In a few months time, I'll get a RealAndroid phone, and will update accordingly. But, considering how many robots these guys sell from amazon, they should put the app in the Amazon APP store, and make sure it works on AOSP!5.) Many reviewers here in Amazon, complain about the availability of spares. But they are confused. Spares are one thing, CONSUMABLES are a different thing. CONSUMABLES (side brushes, rolling brushes, HEPPA filters and sponge filters) can be had on amazon and other parts, either the ECOVACS brand, or other compatible parts in a pinch (search the web, it seems that many robot Vac guys from china use the same base design and customize accordingly, sort of like the Laser Engines of Laser Printers). BUT SPARES (Batteries, wheels, electric motors, dust deposits, etc) are nowhere to be found (yet). In particular, the battery thing is worrying. Nonetheless, I am an electronics enginner, and have two of these puppies, so I can keep at least one operational for a while, but if you want to be able to repair it for ecological or ethical reasons, wait until the spare part situation clarifies.5.) If your house is bigger than 90mts2 (about 1000ft), you will either need two of these puppies (my flat is 132mts2, that is why I bought two), or resort to some tricks to get everything clean (make the vacum start everyday from a different room, make it clean one half of the house one day, then the other, etc).6.) Making your house "Robot frinedly" is easier said than done. It gets stuck under the door of the fridge (and putting a barrier there blocks the air outlets that the fridge needs to vent heat), It also gets stuck on my home theather furniture, and folding chairs really confuse it! ;-) And also, some cables are very difficult to get out of the way of the robot in a visually apealing way. But slowly you will get the drift.7.) Small children will have a field day using the remote to steer the robot!!!! ;-)8.) The two units came in a big amazon box (logical), inside there were two boxes made by ECOVACS with specific info solely for amazon, inside each of this boxes was the actual ECOVACS box that you could find in, say, home depot or best buy. I do not know whose idea is the intermediate box, but is a waste, amazon and ECOVACS, get together and sort it out, for mother earth. The ECOVACS box propper is not eye catching (if they are selling in places like home depot or best but, they should do something about that), but is a great box, sturdy and well constructed, the robot is well protected, and does not waste material or space.,OK, my usage is probably not typical. I have a 6000 sq ft gym full of ping pong tables. In the past we would use a 4 foot dust mop, and then damp mop weekly. We would constantly have a build up of "dust bunnies" under the tables and dust, grit, and lint along the walls.The fact that the N79 has different cleaning modes is huge. I can go along and pull everything back from the walls and then start the N79 in "edge mode". It flawlessly cleans the dirtiest area along the walls without any intervention. We have a large industrial door mat at the entrance. I drop the N79 in the middle and select "spot mode". In a couple minutes the door mat is clean. Next, I put it in one third of the gym (the gym is sectioned with table tennis barriers) and select "auto". The N79 roams around including under the tables and gets all the dust and "dust bunnies". I let it run until the battery runs out. So basically I do a 2000 sq ft section each day in about 90 minutes.The N79 is saving me a huge amount of work, as I no longer have to move the tables to clean under them, and I no longer use the dust mop. Now when I damp mop weekly, the water is almost clean when I am done. It used to be filthy. A number of people have commented that the floor is noticeable cleaner lately.Things to be aware of:1) The dust bin is small, so you will need to empty it frequently. But this is very quick and easy. I do after each use.2) The sensor will detect wide things and slow before contact. With narrow things, like chair legs, it often charges into them at full speed.3) You need to prep your area to be cleaned and make sure there is nothing on the floor that will trap or choke it. (Surprisingly I found some pens in the dustbin that it had eaten without a problem.)4) The amount of supervision the N79 needs is related to how suitable your environment is. I often do another task close by as the N79 works because it is less work to rescue the N79 a couple times, than it is to prep my area in such a way that the N79 is guaranteed not to get stuck anywhere.What could be better:1) The fact that the N79 has different cleaning modes put it way ahead of most of the competition. However, If the N79 had some sort of more intelligent mapping and cleaning pattern I am sure it could get things done in less than half the time.2) Because of the round shape it will always miss the last 2 inches in the corners.I can't comment on the scheduling and return to charger functions as I don't use those. I can't say much on longevity, except that I have been running it every day for 90 minutes over the last  2 weeks and so far so good.Regarding the support, I was unsure if the N79 would be a good fit, but decided to make the purchase when Ecovacs support responded to a question I had within an hour ON A SATURDAY.My conclusion: The N79 can save you a lot of work IF your environment is right for it.,I've had this vacuum for 24hrs and I'm in love !  It works really well and is really quiet.  Well worth the money when you live with pets.,4/2/18This is an update to my original review. I came home from Easter and my robot wasn't working, it backed out of the dock a few inches and was just turning in place over and over again and the app reported it has a bumper error. I went online and googled it and the troubleshooting was very easy and straight forward. I cleaned it, pulled on the bumper and made sure it clicked and to no avail my poor robot would still spin and spin like the walls were closing in around it. So at 8:41pm on Easter Sunday I sent them an email not expecting to hear anything back until Monday morning. Low and behold at 9:06pm I got a quick and informative response from the support team back to try a few steps (what I had found online but I work in support I know how the troubleshooting game goes) I responded and again in less than 30 minutes they emailed me back what I needed to RMA the unit, even better they are going to send me a replacement unit first and THEN I will return my broken unit, meaning no weeks upon weeks of no robovac (I'm looking at you LG RMAing my G4 2x times in a row for a known issue....)Sure the thing might have had a problem after 6 months of use, however based on the customer support alone this review is staying at 5 stars. I couldn't be more satisfied with this product and I still would recommend it to my friends and I can't say enough about the customer support I just received.This is my original review:I got this amazing little guy last week. It's been vacuuming my floors since day one and it is amazing. I live in a ~1600sf 2 story colonial with hard word floors and a few area rugs (including a black one in front of the back door which has given me no problems activating the drop sensor (when I was looking into these I read some older ones had that problem) we do not have pets but we do have a 1 year old and a 3 year old who have many missions in life, including making as many crumbs as possible. My wife and mother (who comes over to see the kids 5+ nights a week have long hair and she'd like I do have some strange extremely long haired animal living in the house (if you read this I'm just kidding your not animals and I love you both!!!) we have what I would consider a normal amount of furniture in our house that is compariable to most of our 30 somethings friends houses. Way less than my hoarder parents that's for sureAnyway we do try to keep the house very clean we used to sweep a few times a week and vacuum the area rugs and runners at least once a week.The first evening I let this thing loose I was amazed how great of a job it did after we had had some guests over and the crumb factories were working full force. I intentionally left cheerios on the floor to test this thing it did great. It is very reasonable for volume level, seems to have great auctions, the two spinning brushes do great job. It has a 3 inch clearance which is enough to get under my coffee table and it seems to do an amazing job overall. It will run well over an hour and a half on battery power and has self docked all but two times instead of running out of juice in the middle of my house. Scheduling, remote, and app all seem to work well. I've used it up and down stairs and never had it crash down the stairs. It gets under my table and chairs no problem, but to make it easier in the morning before I leave I put the chairs upside down on the dining room table, really let's it make short work of crumb land.Here are a few cons I've noticed; I think they are minor but worth mentioning.1 it has wedged itself under my fridge a few times (4 to be exact) since I've been running it once was the first time I left it to run during the day so it ran itself out of batteries until I came home and put it on the charger dock. Not a huge deal and I plan to fix it by putting a small piece of wood in front inder the freezer door so it can't happen anymore. 9 times out of ten it is fine in my kitchen but I've seen it happen a few times2. I have a sun room I renovated into a year round room and there is a transition and then about a 1 inch drop and it will shoot right over that and promptly get stuck. Not a big deal I just leave the French doors closed when I leave for the day, this is a problem of the layout of my house and will be fixed if I ever tile the floor out there I plan to bring up the subfloor to be closer to level. It won't however drive over the edge of my stairs.3. The long hair that is left all over my house has gotten wrapped up in the spinners once and required me to clean it, so they would return to full speed. Not a problem but worth mentioning4. I think this is a robo vac problem in general but you need to secure your power cords or it will try to suck them up. I've found if I do a once walk thru in the morning before I leave I can easily identify any problems and move them out of the way. Finally it did once drive up on the curved base of a floor plan and activate the drop sensor and get stuck but of course this was when I was away during the day, at night when I watched it it ran up and off it no problem.TLDR: worth it for my house works great and I am very happy with it. I do wish they sold a spare dock for it but that is the only spare part I can't seem to find online, brushes, spinners, and batteries are all stocked. I also would love Alexa intergration but this model does lack that (not a big deal, app seems to work fine, haven't tried IFTTT) I would buy again or recommend anyone I know to buy one.,So I've now owned this vacuum for almost two months, and I am in love.  I use it roughly every other day, and my floors have never been so clean.  I have hardwood floors with carpets with pads of a variety of thicknesses throughout the house, throw rugs in my mud room and by my front door, and a gel mat by my kitchen sick, and it maneuvers up and down over all of them with ease.  I have stairs, and it appropriately detects them and doesn't fall down the stairs.  I have dogs and daughters with long hair, and it picks that up without a problem.  My favorite feature is the edge cleaning mode.  I frequently send it around my kitchen in edge cleaning mode and it picks up all the little bits of stuff that gets dropped in cooking.  I also use edge cleaning mode in my mud room.  And then after edge cleaning set it loose for general cleaning.  It comes with extra brushes, but after two months, all brushes are in good shape and have not needed replacement.  I empty it each time I use it because it's usually fairly full.  It runs for a little over an hour before seeking home base.  The one thing it has gotten tangled on are thin phone charging cords.  It stopped, beeped, and let me know it was in trouble.  It has not gotten tangled in computer cables or computer charging cables.  Friends coming over for dinner?  I do NOT need to take the time to vacuum/sweep, I just tell the Deebot to go clean for me.,I had an issue with my first order, and Ecovacs was very helpful with making sure I was happy. The replacement for the first vacuum is on the way, and hopefully it will be as reliable as our M88 has been.  Before it had issues it did a great job. These little robots are fantastic, in a house with two little kids it really makes a difference!We also have a M88 model that we have been very happy with, and we wanted another robot for our downstairs area so I purchased this model because of the great price. There are some significant differences between the two, and despite being cheaper the N79 has more features like target cleaning mode (it doesn't have a dry/wet mop which the M88 does have.) However, it is not as powerful as the M88, which doesn't get stuck as easily transitioning from the hardwood floors to tile where the tile is about 3/4" lower. If you have a lot of obstacles the M88 may be a better choice.,I would not buy this robot again.  It is not worth the price and I paid 50% of the normal price.  The vacuum works amazingly well and is super quiet.  I was actually surprised at how well the vacuum part works.  Unfortunately the advertising for this robot is straight up lying.  This robot cannot, under any condition, find its way back to its charging station.  Furthermore the robot will get hung up, on an space that is not at least three times it's length in size.  It will get hung up at the top of stairs.  It will get hung up on vents in carpet.  It will get hung-up on the bottoms of book shelves.  The thing cannot run more than five minutes without getting stuck on something.  This is after I spent significant time re-arranging furniture and putting up guides to try to make it a robot-friendly environment.  If you want to buy it as a novelty, it is an expensive choice.  There are way cheaper, equally as stupid, robot vacuums.  It is not smart enough to warrant the price.I should also mention that the wifi app only works about half the time, and that is with excellent wifi coverage in my house.  The associate app is very minimalistic in features and does not allow you to do anything fancy like virtual walls.,After a week of having the vacuum, I like it.  It works well at keeping the level of fur from my 2 cats and 1 dog down.  Having allergies, I appreciate being able have it clean every other day on a schedule.  It's quieter than I expected and gets most of the fur around the room picked up from my hardwood floor and area rug.  I found that the app was a bit cumbersome to set up.  I had to attempt a couple times before finally getting it to connect.  It does not recognize my dark pieces of furniture with the sensor though and knocks into those before turning.The bigger bit of downside that I was thrown off by; when my power went out the vacuum left the charger and began hunting for the charging unit, running into things and pushing the charging unit itself back against the wall before the force made it change directions and continue hunting for the base.  I wish the unit would have sensed it was connected and power stopped and it would have just sat idle in place.  Luckily I was home when it happened and figured out after a minute what was going on.  However if the power would have gone out when I was not at home and did not have my room prepared for it to run; charging cables removed from the floor, I am nervous if it could have damaged them.  Maybe this is common for robot vacs, but since this is my first one I do not know.,BEST. BUY. EVER. My only regret is not getting one sooner. Had it for a few weeks now and it's so nice having clean floors everyday. There's seriously no need to spend more money on roomba or whatever, this thing will not disappoint. I read a lot of reviews about roomba getting stuck in corners or under beds, this one has never gotten stuck and I literally have run it daily since I got it. I have many obstacles around my house & under my bed.. I can turn this thing loose in my downstairs for hours while I go do other things, and it covers every square inch with ease. The little off road looking tires roll right over my floor dividers no problem and it transitions nicely from carpet to hardwood. I have two dogs and a cat, and the first time I ran it under my bed it was so full of hair I had to empty the bin twice within 30 minutes. Go ahead and sweep right before you run it, you'll be shocked when you see what you missed. It's also quiet enough that I can watch tv while it runs. The remote control is great for sending it under beds & places a regular vacuum (or you) can't get to. In auto mode it will run for about 4 hours before the battery starts to weaken, at which point it automatically takes itself back the docking station for charging. Win win win I love this thing. I call it my PacMan.,My flooring is a combination of vinyl and carpet, with rugs located in several areas. My grandma has a roomba 801 and said hers had issues with climbing over her rugs. This one moves effortlessly over all my rugs, smoothly transitions from my vinyl living areas to my carpet bedrooms, and even makes its way over my foam mat by my kitchen sink. I am truly impressed by how well this vacuum works and all the dust, dirt, and hair it collects! We even have a very low nightstand in one of the bedrooms that it manages to go completely under, clean, and come back out without getting stuck. If you have dark furniture, just make sure you run the vacuum with a light on or the blinds open that way it has a better chance of recognizing it and not running into it. Both the app and remote are great for being able to control it without having to stand and move it yourself like a regular vaccuum.The dust bin, filter, and brush all pop out so they can easily be cleaned. It even comes with its own little cleaning brush that has bristles on one end and thick plastic on the other with a razor for cutting hair off of the brush. I would definitely buy this again and recommend it to those looking for a good vacuum! I was able to snag it for $180 by buying the "open box" one and it came in perfect condition packaging, everything was still wrapped in plastic and the machine was flawless.,Hard not loving a robot that cleans your floors for you if you are patient with whatever is on the floor. I use it because I just got hard wood floors and I never sweep, so it will clean up the light dirt, hair, and skin cells that accumulate and before you know it are feet magnets. If you spill Cheerios on the floor, you probably want to use a hand broom to get that up instead of using a robovac. I haven't tested large debris yet, but even if you got confetti on floor, it would take a few back and forth runs to clean up, thats why I say patience.Never had a Roomba so this is all I know and I cant imaging liking a Roomba 2x to 5x as much as this ( prices range from 2 to 5x higher than this $149.99 device at time I bought). While this is probably a 4 star model, if you have never had a robot vacuum, like me, ignorance is bliss and you will love it.You have to have it turned on to use wifi setting so I cant activate it from work as far as I can tell unless I re-activated the unit in person before I leave for work. Defeats the purpose for me if I forget to turn it on. Also I have a couple areas that it will get stuck so until I quarantine these, I shouldn't use while I am not there anyways. Long shag type carpet and places with wires are the areas it gets stuck for me. Doesn't damage though, just stops and beeps at you while eventually turning off if you don't react. Good purchase, I recommend for non-carpeted floors, since I can't personally speak to its ability on carpets.,This vacuum was great and would have gotten a 5 star review, but a month after I purchased it, it stopped working. It gives me a "side brush malfunction" which according to the manual states to clean debris out of the side brush. I have done so and used compressed air, the included brush, and a soft towel to make sure nothing at all is in the side brushes. It still will not run, it won't run without the side brushes installed at all either; just keeps saying "side brush malfunction" beeps and sits there. It will not vacuum or do anything at all now. Very dissapointed that it broke so quickly.Update: After communicating with EcoVacs customer service, they sent me a replacement unit and had me return the malfunctioning one via prepaid label. So I was without a vacuum for about a week, but it didn't cost me anything to get it fixed/replaced. Customer service was prompt and friendly. Rating change to reflect.,This product is an amazing workhorse.  It gets daily use and there haven't been any issues.  It's strong enough to go over our area rugs, although it occasionally gets stuck on the transition molding between our hard wood and tile floors.  I wouldn't recommend using it when you are not around, unless you are sure there isn't anything on the floor that can get caught up in it. (think kids socks etc.)  It has tons of features I haven't taken the time to learn... I just push the button and let it go.  If I need it to do one room, I block off the room, set it down and let it go.  It beeps when it's ready to "go home" or if it needs to be emptied.  I have no complaints and my floors stay relatively clean most of the time.  I would recommend it to anyone.,Love this little guy! Purchased my N79 via Amazon 10 days ago and have been running it once a day since. It easily covers a 2,000 sq ft home with tile floors throughout. There are a few low pile densely woven throw rugs but no pets in the home. The first 4-5 runs produced an amazing amount of dust/dirt and the roller had allot of hair wrapped around it. The sheer amount dirt was amazing, as we thought the floors were “clean”. Subsequent daily runs have been producing less and less dirt, and the house “smells” cleaner. For at least the first week I highly recommend you clean the N79 after every run.  Cleaning the unit is a simple three minute deal and a regular comb works best to remove hair from the roller. When running, the N79 is fairly quiet and it easily navigates around hard obstacles. It runs easily over hard surfaces like tile but seems to labor a bit on the few small throw carpets we have. Because it’s working primarily over tile, it runs for about 90 minutes each time and has always found its way back to the charger when it needs juice. The programming enables it to easily cover multiple rooms of the house and still get back to its “home” charging source without help. It seems to be well constructed and I have hopes for a long lasting unit. The downloadable iPhone app provides basic operating information and one can do basic scheduling, as well as directly control the N79 via WiFi. This unit would be ideal for asthmatics and people with allergies!  At this point I am a very satisfied customer!,So far I'm really loving this thing. Relying more on sensors then the bumpers you very rarely have to rescue it and its not banging its way around your home like the N78. Its so quiet its doesn't seem like its doing anything but not only will you see it grab things up but when you check the bin its impressive. It moves pretty fast even on carpet but its also lightweight and small. It seems to work as well as more expensive models but I do see some of the shortcomings. No fault of its own because most of them do random patterns it's hard to trust it to really do a complete job. It still will grab a charger, a wire a plug and drag them around the room get stuck in the oddest places and I swear it's determined to redo areas over and over even after being physically picked up and moved it will find its way back. They stand behind their product 100% I had an issue and it was handled quickly and completely. I would and have honestly recommend the N79 to anyone who wants to get one for a good price but not compromise on the quality. The issues seem to be the same issues that would happen on any model that actually doesn't have a camera and or map your living room. As for now this is my standard.  3 brushes suction and pretty good sensors, base and remote nothing less.,First off, let me say this thing is freaking awesome! Have been in the process of moving, got this as first new item for new house. Got it home, charged it and see it loose while we went to go get another load of boxes from old house. Came back 2 hours later to clean hardwood floors and the little guy sitting obediently on his charger awaiting his next adventure. This thing picked up all the little loose box pieces, bits of tape and newspaper and the leaves we tracked into the house. It's amazing I lived my life this long without this thing. If I knew it would work this great I would have bought them long ago for much more, lucky this one is a great vacuum and a great price. Like I said, freaking awesome. If you are in the fence or don't think you need this, get it. Does a great job avoiding running into things, has enough power to go cling over the rugs and is surprisingly quiet. I also think the filters it has are pretty cool and really keep it from blowing cruddy dust back out. Also, enjoy using the Android app to set schedules and such. Can't wait for Alexa compatibility, will be even more awesome and fun appliance to use. Who knew vacuuming would be so cool.,Hate is not a strong enough word to describe how I feel about this product.Let's start with the product itself. It is a complete failure. You will spend more time going around your house/room making sure every single thing that could possibly trip it up is off the floor than you would if you just vacuumed the place yourself. It gets stuck on basically anything other than a crumb. I came home to find that it got stuck in a corner apparently on the corner of an area rug (without tassels! I am truly at a loss for what stopped it).Whenever it deems it is finished with its task, it moseys on over to it's dock, and in the process, leaves a nice trail of debris behind it. This is a serious design flaw and I don't know how it wasn't flagged during development.Now, regarding the app. Oh boy, this is some shoddy piece of work. To say they "phoned it in" would be far too charitable. The app is one of the buggiest apps I have ever used. Whenever the vacuum has an error, it beeps shrilly for what feels like hours. You might wonder what is wrong with it. Opening the app tells you nothing -- the error messages are as clear as mud. As an engineer myself, I can tell an engineer designed the UI, not a professional designer -- no one in their right mind would use the word "exception" in an error message meant for end-users. The app is lacking in polish. There are graphical spacing issues everywhere. Text runs into other text without proper padding. The sense I get is that Ecovacs was so DESPERATE to differentiate themselves in this saturated market that they cobbled together what they thought an app might look like, and called it good -- we're different! Too bad it only makes them look cheap and only in it for the money.Here's another thing that baffles me. When you turn the robot off, all your schedules will be wiped. It would have been nice to know that, it feels like essential information, after all. But no, because this app was designed by a grognard programmer, they put this little fact at the bottom of the app, in nearly invisible gray text, almost as a joke rather than a message meant to inform. Any designer would look at that and vomit. Rule number one of design: do not obscure or abstract crucial information about how to use your product, unless you want your customers to throw your crappy robot vacuum out the window.Couldn't possibly be more disappointed in this garbage. If I had to guess, I'd say Ecovacs is spending most of its money buying fake Amazon reviews rather than trying to make a useful product., I'm extremely impressed! I just replaced all of the carpet in my house (living room, dining room, 3 bedrooms, 3 large walk-in closets) with laminate, and the kitchen, halls, and bathrooms are all tile. Even though I sweep daily & damp mop or swiffer 4-5x per week, with 2 kids & 2 cats the floors always accumulate dust or debris.This vacuum was super easy to set up & connect via the app to wifi (though I had to switch from my 5G connection to 2.4GHz), and charged fully within an hour of receiving it. Once he was charged, I pressed "auto" and let him do his thing. Quiet enough that we weren't bothered at all by him running in the background while we watched TV, gentle enough that he didn't disturb the one-pound foster kitten he bumped into while cleaning, and finished cleaning & returned to his dock once he was done without a hitch. I'm very impressed!Next: need to name the little guy because he's a permanent member of the family now. Heck, he cleans more than the kids! And after that - teach the cats to ride him. (If you haven't already, please google "cats riding roombas/robot vacuums),bullet points: good job cleaning tile carpet rug hardwood with 3 dogs, fast recieving product, ran into pruduct making loud noise: either reluctant or un-speedy return/replacing at your time expense. cheap. hope you get a good one.elaboration: at first i was really excited. it shipped like super fast. couple days kine. it kept me tidying my room and it kept my floors emaculate. couple days in it started making a noise and i contacted the seller. came to the conclusion there going to "replace it" and are sending a sticker label for me to send back the item, wait, and send one back. most likely refurbished in my theory. i did buy the protection plan. after a few weeks of not reviewing and waiting for the sticker ive decided to just write a disgruntled review. it does WORK, it cleans great over tile, carpet with 3long haired dogs, and no problem in that regard. just now with an obnoxious loud clicky noise in most of its directional path. 1st robot vacuum product and its got a problem so keep that in mind. it can be loud and your not going to get any action done in replacing it if need be in any speedy fashion and are going to be out your vacuum for an undetermined amount of time, so. bad service. i should have gone with a better and speedier customer service product brand. hope these guys make it right.,Granted, I've only used this once, but I really like this one compared to the Roomba I already have. So much quieter!  You can hardly hear it running. It cleaned well and the remote control is a nice feature. I haven't tried all the modes yet. I accidentally discovered that this model does respond to the Roomba brand "invisible wall" which is a great surprise!  That is one reason I was leery of ordering this brand. I will update as my new DeeBot gets more use, but so far  pleased,Oh, my.  Why did I wait so long to get this little vacuum!  We live out in the country and do a lot of gardening and work outside.  The crap that gets dragged in is epic.  Toss in a few indoor/outdoor cats and a big dog and keeping up with floors is a losing battle.  I don't know if other parts of the country get these horrid swarms of Asian Lady Beetles in the fall, but we sure do.  My house is over 100 years old, so no matter the renovations, they find their way inside.  Dustin is in my sun porch with a laminate floor right now sweeping up beetles, cat hair, dog hair and other assorted gross things.  I have been particularly amazed at how well he does on my low pile carpeting.  He has vacuumed in places I haven't been able to get to for years.  I just have to remember to empty out his bin fairly often the first time over the floors.  I've found that if I let him work every couple of days, he can go the entire hour and a half to two hours without having to clean the bin mid-way through.  LOVE THIS ROBOTIC VACUUM!!!,OVERALL: Overall I am happy with this vacuum this for the price.  I would rate it lower if I paid much more for it but I think it does a fine job at this price point.  I am not going to mark stars down for the cons if this machine isn't even marketed to do what I wish it would do.  Living at the beach, with little to no rain here, there is a lot of dirt and sand in the air and so my floors need to be sweeped daily.  Having this little guy shoot around, on schedule, to do this work for me honestly makes my life better.PROS:-The first few times he (we named him Vinnie) vacuumed, he picked up hair from the prior tenants of my house (they are my friends so I know them well).  I was shocked and surprised; realizing that the little brushes laying flat against the floor can really get into the baseboards better than I ever could with a broom or dry mop.-I love being able to set a schedule!  Every day, he takes off and begins his clean as my day is ending and I am preparing to rest.  Although I am shoe person (I am sure I am contributing to the daily mess) my boyfriend says that the floor always feels clean now when he walks around.-The noise isn't quiet but it's not loud either.  Since I work from home and it's so quiet here normally, I don't mind the added noise at the end of my workday.-I love how he handles transitions.  There is very little that he gets stuck on.CONS:-Poor guy will sometimes get stuck in larger areas and never move on to other parts of the house.  He's not getting stuck in tight corners but making endless rounds in a certain area and never trying to leave.  I know that he can't map the house, so this doesn't bother me too much.  I just pick him up and tell him, "Vinnie, it's time to move on!"-As he is not going to get into every single nook and cranny, there are areas that he simply can't touch.  So while my floor, in general, is cleaner than it's ever been, there are also areas that don't get cleaned unless I sweep them myself.-Although he handles transitions well, there are two things in my house that he cannot stop getting stuck up on.---One being a small tangle of cords under a dresser that I can't push back any farther (so he's just not allowed in that room unless I am with him).  In fact, he has a problem with that room in general because of what I keep in it.  It's the room I get ready in and so at any time, I will have my flat iron, hair dryer, etc. all plugged in and perched on my dresser.  One day, after jury duty, I came home and my hot rollers were on the ground, the lid smashed into pieces because he was strong enough to grab the cord and pull it off the dresser.  He doesn't get scheduled to run now unless I am home.---The other being our Christmas tree stand, which he would earnestly try to mount over and over again every single day.  I think it had just enough of an incline that he couldn't get backed off of it once he got high centered.  I expected him to stop and beep at me but he would continue to run and not move until I saved him.,Better than expected for the $199 price, works well and if you are up to tearing one apart you can see the amount of components and build quality is quite high.  Cannot speak for longterm life, but initial impression is good.  They use higher cost brushless motors for the traction system along with some brushed motors for other functions.  Cleaner seems to not got hung up on surfaces and always finds it's home charger.Not the "high end" version with room mapping, laser or camera but for the price point it's better than I expected.  Have not tried the WiFi App, but it appears to be a nice add-on with some limits.Ecovacs also makes the new Shark Ion Robotic Vacuum Cleaner and has been around for nearly as long as iRobot.  Though you see similarties, tearing one apart you will see some differences in the design.,Always kept this thing cleaned, emptied the bin, kept it on the lower level of our house to keep it from falling down stairs or damaging itself in any way shape or form.This thing gets stuck under couches, cabinets in the kitchen and on area rugs in the bathroom and entry way. Usually about 2 to 4 times a cycle, which isn’t a deal breaker for me, I’d rather help this thing get unstuck than vacuum every day.A month and a half in it’s lost suction, making a terrible noise like the motor is going out of it. It’s turned into a robotic broom relying only on the main brush to force debris into the trash bin.Tried contacting customer service and we will see how it goes. Overall it worked good, the trash bin was always full at the end of the cycle. I’m hoping this is just a faulty unit with all the good reviews. But overall I’m less than impressed. Depending on how the warranty plays out will determine if my review stands.,Update 1/12/18:  You can read the review below initially written a few days after I got my Robot but please read my update.  I am a total convert.  I am in love.  I haven't vacuumed my house since 12/25 and that's with having all kinds of company and with winter storms bringing all kinds of debris into my house via little feet. Any concerns I had about it not cleaning properly/missing areas was easily fixed by learning when and how to use edge cleaning and single room mode (with some homemade road blocks; dog bed, bin of toys, etc).  It does an awesome job.  It does have trouble finding it's home base but that may be partly my fault as I don't have "an open floor plan" per se so the Bluetooth signal has to go through numerous walls.  He's  lightweight enough so I consider picking him up to go home no bother and it's our snuggle time ;) (yes, I made mine male, something about a guy cleaning my home appealed to me). Oh, but I am irritated that it was offered as a deal of the day and could have saved >$50.  C'mon Amazon, alert your customers when there are price changes within 30days of purchase and honor the lower price!!!First off, received your typical “hope you like your product please rate us well on Amazon” email from Ecovac. Well, at the time told them I hadn’t used product yet as it was for Christmas but told them I was unhappy about a price discrepancy. They immediately addressed it and credited me the money in question. Their response was timely and human- not some computer generated email stating they’d get back to me. Super awesome.Now that Christmas is here and the guests are gone, our little Ecovac bugger is cleaning away. It would be nice if it mapped the room and cleaned accordingly as I’ve seen it go over same spot a few times and completely miss others. However, dust bin full and my husband said it cleans better than I do as it hasn’t hit a peice of furniture yet! It’s super quiet and you don’t need to remortgage your home to purchase this. Not sure if I would even like a robot vacuum, so I didn’t want to spend a fortune. So glad Ecovac offers this product at a reasonable price.Haven’t tried all the features yet but so far I love it and sure this is the beginning of a beautiful relationship!,Where have you been all my life!  When I ordered Deebot79 my husband said it was a stupid idea.  So when it arrived I named it Stupid.  Believe me, it is anything but!  After charging Stupid, I picked up the dog toys in the living room and let him go.  I had vacuumed the day before but I wanted to see how Stupid performed on our Berber carpeting. He did beautifully and  I was impressed with how quiet Stupid is. He definantly took on the fringed throw rugs with two inch fringe around them with no problem!  I let him run for approximately 45minutes and then put him in edge clean mode.  Stupid did several laps around the edges of the room and I then issued the return to dock command and after a bit of searching, Stupid was nicely docked on his charging station.  Then came the surprise.  I removed the dist bin and it was loaded!  The next morning I was up bright and early, I readied the kitchen and turned Stupid loose.  We have a large kitchen and after running Stupid in auto mode I switched to edge mode and he did several laps around the kitchen getting all the nooks and crannies.  Again. A loaded dust bin, even fuller than the living room run.  Wow, I was in love.  My kitchen floor which is a vinyl textured wood grain looked beautiful.  It’s a dark wood grain and shows every little spec of dust , crumbs, what have you.  This is now on my every day early morning schedule.  Get up, fix coffee, and turn Stupid loose in the kitchen while I relax in the living room in front of the TV, sipping my coffee.  Life just got a whole lot easier.  I downloaded the app and had no problem setting it up.  You do need to follow the instructions.  We are retired so programming cleaning times is not necessary, The app is helpful for us in that it indicates when the battery is fully charged and when you should change filter, brushes, etc.  I am in love with Stupid!,Words can't describe how much I enjoy this thing. This was my first robotic vacuum and I thought "I can live with this price to try it." Like many of you, I had wanted one for years but the big price tag didn't seem worth it.The thing to remember is that it takes a lot longer to complete a cleaning cycling than vacuuming on your own, but it does a great job. I can turn it on from my phone, so if I have unexpected guests coming for dinner, I can just turn it on from the office. You might see it miss something on the first pass: don't worry. That's the beauty of it - it's no effort to run it often, so it will get it. And then maintaining the clean floors is a breeze.The other thing I love is that you can "drive" it from the remote or app. So if you want it to go somewhere specific, just press LEFT, RIGHT, UP, or DOWN, and put it where you want it to go. Much easier than lugging out the big vacuum cleaner. You can literally do it from the sofa.The spot cleaning feature is also cool. It goes around and around for three minutes to focus on a specific area. Return to base works great. My apartment is an odd shape so I wondered how that would work, and it has no problem. It can even do the edge feature, going along all the walls in the place and avoiding whatever furniture is in its way.Great on both carpet (I have regular, average household carpet) and hard floors.If you're on the fence, BUY it. TOTALLY worth every penny! As the professional reviews all say, this guy is punching way above his weight for the price.This is easily one of my happiest purchases in a long time.,I like that this product, so far, however, it takes some finagling to make it independent.  It gets stuck on things pretty easilyPros:- The app worked and it was easy to schedule cleanings.  I'm scheduled daily cleanings when I'm at work, as this is the first week, we've had issues, but hopefully those will be resolved.- The device eventually goes back to its base when battery runs down- It does an adequate job maintaining clean floors, my floors always look great!- It requires no programming, it goes throughout my 1700 sq ft ranch no problemo- It gets to spaces I rarely do... like under the bed- It goes over throw rugs in bathrooms.... very cool!- It knows not to run into table legs, etc., and senses when it is near one and turns.  My dogs like to sit in front of it and make it go around them.  I didn't expect it to not bounce off things, but detect them before it bounces.  This was a cool feature.Cons:#1 - **The big one for me was the floor vents - it gets stuck on the ones that are a bit recessed in the carpet, others it goes over fine.  Not only does it get stuck, but it seems to keep going back to the same vents over and over and I had to keep re-positioning it and hitting the button to get it to go again.  I think I fixed the problem by placing old floor vents upside down and open on the new register covers I bought.  When I researched it, most people indicated that it was a ledge sensor problem and it thinks its going down stairs.  I bought new vents in a brushed nickel finish, but that didn't work.**#2 - it gets stuck on cords - I have one cord that runs under my bed, and one under my piano.  Once I fix those to the wall, or up under the bed, I think this problem will be resolved.  The cord gets taken up by the main brush.#3 - it gets stuck on base of my rocker recliner.  It has a circular wooden base, and the thing runs up on it and gets stuck.  I moved the recliner and I hope this solves the issueOverall, I really like the device, and hope to keep it.  However, some have reported it stops working after 2 weeks.  This  was my first week with it, and I'm hoping to get the "getting stuck" problems resolved, and it keeps working.My tips for new owners:affix electrical cords to walls, or up so that the vacuum goes under thembe prepared to empty the bin several times the first cleaning - mainly because under the bed is really dusty and hairybe prepared to follow it around to unstick it and find potential problemsif you have recessed floor registers, make sure they are light colored and are not below the flooring - you may need to finagle a bit,So far so good, except for the time it locked itself in our closet. I have it set up mostly to vacuum all the rooms upstairs. my mom loves the thing, calls it "cute" as we follow it trying to see if it vacuums our 3 bedrooms upstairs and it seems to do a fairly ok job. it struggles to find its base for charging but on occasion finds its home. one time it managed to lock itself in the closet; i dont know how that happened, just came back and found it in the closet... mustve somehow nudged the door close on itself. things i like:-cost-ease of use-wifi (love that i can turn it on/off from afar with my phone)-does a decent job vacuuming-quieter than rhoombathings i dont like-instructions; there was nothing in the manual about setting up the wifi, only pictured that show you "this is the wifi button", though setup was easy, it would have been nice to have instructions about it. FYI wifi instructions require you first to download the app to your phone and run it there, then using the remote, press the wifi button so it can start "pairing"-no alarm for full dustbinoverall love it. we'll see how long it lasts. we had a scooba and rhoomba both lasting just a year before going kaput. oh, and another user here had mentioned the deebot being quiet enough that you can let it run while sleeping... not so true im afraid. I woke up early and let it vacuum my room while i did chores. my sleeping significant other was not so happy :), Update……  Found out that power cycling the switch on the side, fixed the spot cleaning issue.  As for the stair issue, ECOVACS contacted me right away and asking about the issue, thinking it is due to the thickness of the carpet, though I think it is more of an issue as to the layout of the wall along the stairs.  If it comes directly to the stairs, it turns around and off it goes, but if it edges along the wall leading up to the stairs, it errors out every time, and doesn’t even try to get out.  It is like they have never encountered a scenario like this before, so it does not know what to do.  Guess we will see what they come up with, but I am glad to see they at least are trying to figure out the issue right away.Original>>>>>>>>>>>>Owned the N79 for about 3 weeks now.  Bought it for my wife and she loves it, and I do agree that our kitchen floor has never stayed so clean.  Few issues though, and the biggest one is that is errors out every time it comes up to the edge of out stairs.  Did this from day one, and on the app it always says “Anti-Drop malfunction.  Please wipe it”.  It was literally new, the first time it happened, and I have tried cleaning every senor and the face of it many times, but it always will do this when it comes up to the stairs.  Even some times when it drives over a heater vent, I get the same error.  So, I have since had to come up with a physical barrier to prevent it from making it to the stairs, and I found out this this like to clime it and get suck.  So, the barrier had to keep getting taller, making it a decent tripping point, where I had watched my wife trip twice over it twice now.  Once she caught herself, and only threw the basket of laundry down the stairs, but the other time, she went down with it, but luckily, she was not hurt too bad, as the basket of laundry helped soften the fall.  Yet she still likes the dam thing, for some reason.  I keep wanting to send it back, as I thought it would turn around when it sees a drop off, but instead it just stops and errors out.Other issue which bothers me is the spot cleaning.  In the manual, it shows that it should go in a circular pattern, but instead, it does this back and forth U shaped pattern, and if anything gets in its way, it can’t figure it out, and will eventually error out.  And what is most annoying about it, I manually drive it to the spot I want cleaned, hit spot clean, and it right away turns around and does that U pattern away from where I put it to clean.  Same thing if you drive it to small spot that you want to pick up, then press auto, it will turn away, then take off.  I feel like the first time I pressed spot clean, it did do the circular pattern, but it defiantly doesn’t anymore.So, if you just use auto mode all the time pick up your rugs, and block off any stairs, and it will do fine.  Maintenance is also easy on it.  I will gladly give it a 5 star ratting, if it would turn around at stairs like I thought it was supposed to do.,The vacuum itself does a really good job especially when it comes to picking up my dog hair (two labs). I did however experience an issue with the sensors about two weeks after I purchased it. This is where the two stars comes from the customer service is basically non existent. I had to call 3 times and left 3 voicemail with no call back. I finally got someone to reply to an email but the response time is awful. My vacuum just started working again randomly after having a sensor error (flashing red light and two beeps). I cleaned the sensors even though they were not dirty and still did not work. Randomly yesterday it started working again but I am not confident I will not face the same issue again and if/when I do I know customer service is awful. This will definitely make me consider a higher cost competitor just to get the customer service.Update: The Ecovacs team reached out to me and made a big effort to correct the situation and replace my vacuum in a quickly. It seems the best means of contact are through email and I recommend going through there with anyone who may have issues. Like I said before the vacuum itself does an amazing job at cleaning. We run it all the time and it picks up a lot including my dog hair from my two dogs. Highly recommend the vacuum., I call him Winston.. Forget about the reviews about getting lost, he always finds his way home, loves long shag carpet and rolls right over my lamp cords along the wall.I was so excited to show my friend, who just laid down $350 for a RumbaWinston picked up more dirt, is extremely quiet and has wifi!!!Performance blew Rumba away... and for half the price!!,My first robotic sweeper - First the good news.  It is random but very persistent.  I thought my carpets were clean but having this thing run every day made me realize that my prior "once a month" vacuuming allowed lots of dust to accumulate.  I have 100% wall to wall medium pile carpet in a 3 b/r town home with a 25X40 great room and open plan tile kitchen. About 1500 square feet.  After a week all the areas have been gone over multiple times and the carpet is visibly as clean as when I moved in 3 years ago.  It also does a great job getting under the beds which I never bothered with. I was skeptical that being battery powered it would not have the power or suction to clean properly.  I think if it only made "one pass" that would be true but the fact that it runs every day means that the carpets have been getting cleaner and cleaner by the day.I love this thing!Now the bad news - It has taken a week to figure out what this thing will get stuck on and I have made adjustments around the house to accommodate.  For example one day it got behind a side table and then behind the couch and got stuck. Moving the side table a little "blocked" this path.  I wanted to run this while I was at work but that's not gonna happen.  I have a 3 seater recliner couch and 2 single recliner rockers.  At least 4 times this week it "jammed" under the back of the rockers.  But the biggest problem is that I have a single floor plan with a ground floor entry - a set of stairs down to the front door. The first day it detected the drop and navigated away but since then it repeatedly approaches the stairs, stops and gets stuck.  Today it got stuck at the stairs 4 times! I will have to put a physical barrier up but have to put something that isn't a trip hazard.The biggest things I had to adjust are - My breakfast bar is in the hallway - the E79 had a hard time navigating past the bar stools into the living room - I had to move them.  I also put the dining chairs up "restaurant style" so the E79 would do under the table. I might only have the chairs up once in a while. You need to declutter the floor completely - it ate two USB cables that hung down from the computer desk, it will foul on lamp cords, I had to move the dust pan away from the fireplace as it got hung up there once. And you really need to comply with the clearance around the docking station.  Where I wanted it there was not 2m in front so the E79 would not dock - it needs a straight run into the dock.  I had to put it in the exercise room and move my exercise bike to get a clear shot - the good news is after that it has docked successfully 100% of the time.I am an early riser so I have it set to start at 5am and it runs till just before 7am when I go to work. Unless you absolutely figure out everywhere it can get stuck and adjust your house, you probably are gonna need to be home to make sure it doesn't get stuck and completes its sweeping.Bottom line is that this has totally relieved my need to manually vacuum and that's what I wanted.  As a bonus it runs every day so the carpets are definitely and visibly cleaner. It has its limitations on getting stuck but for the price of this compared to the super fancy mapping ones that is minor inconvenience.,Before this I had a Roomba for 10 years (replaced the battery twice) and was very happy, but because of the cost to replace the Roomba I decided to try another product.I was unsure at first, not knowing what I was getting, so I was very skeptical.To my surprise, I found that the DeeBot was a great replacement at a 4th the cost.Works just as good (as my 10 year old Roomba), cleaned better than I thought it would.Every day I clean out the Deebots bin and I am surprised at the amount of dirt it still finds in my home.The app is decent but needs some updating, keeps losing my weekly schedule and it’s not yet compatible with My Amazon Alexa.So far just 3 months into it and I love it and hope it last 10 years like my Roomba did, I do recommend this product.,I love this robotic vacuum. This is my second try at one of these devices. The first was ILIFE A4s Robot Vacuum Cleaner with Strong Suction and Remote Control, Super Quiet Design for Thin Carpet and Hard Floors which my coworker swore by, but I think I got a defective one because it kept getting errors every few minutes.I live alone, I'm very tidy, am fostering a cat & her kittens, but they're restricted to the "cat room" so I typically don't have a ton of mess to clean up, but I'm busy and with wood floors, I don't think about cleaning them much until I see my bare feet after walking on the floors for a while. I've only had this vac for a few days now, but I'm very impressed & highly recommend it for many reasons:-It works well. No weird errors, it doesn't seem to get stuck in random places and the battery has a nice long charge.-It has an app and I don't have to be on the same wifi network for it to work. If I need to clean my floors while I'm at work, I can do so right from the app. It's very effective and easy to use. I can even see the battery level & vac status wherever I'm at.-It comes with extra parts & an awesome brush cleaning tool. I have long hair and apparently am losing it like crazy, based off what I found wrapped around the vac brushes. I can easily remove the spinny brush and use the hair cutter tool to remove all my hair that gets wrapped around the brush.-Scheduling is awesome and using the app, I can even choose what days to have it vacuum. So for someone like me, I don't really need it to vacuum every day, but I don't want to have to remember to turn it on, so it's nice being able to schedule it to vacuum every other day or however frequently I choose.-It's easy to use. It's very easy to set up, it comes with batteries & everything needed. It's easy to remove the waste receptacle to empty and the remote is simple to use. Even pairing the vac with the app was simple. I didn't thoroughly read the instructions, but from what I did read, they were easy to understand.This is an awesome robo-vac and I highly recommend it off my limited usage of it. This isn't as pricey as some of the major brands, but I'm so impressed with its quality and performance.Update 11/27/17 - my friend got this a week after I did and he has 3 German Shepherds who shed quite a lot. This robovac has kept his house cleaner than he did vacuuming a couple times a week. I also got one for my parents who have 2 short-haired dogs. My mom vacuums all the time, but it's hard to keep up with the dogs. The day the vacuum showed up, she had already vacuumed and mopped. The house didn't look dirty at all. But after about 30 minutes, we opened the collector and it was quite full of dog hair. We ran it until the battery went low and had almost a second full container of hair. It's just incredible what a great job this robovac does, even in houses that don't look that dirty. 100% still love it & highly recommend it!,Update, so I pit the auto start on through my phone and it seems to work. Still having major issue how it today again chose to go over the cat food mats and go for the plates of food making an even bigger mess than yesterday.Still chooses not to get into the edges and still only going over the same pattern of rooms.Definately not good if you have little kids with objects all over the floor or items you keep around as it still is choosing to  go over the chair base and gets stuck.I would think this is better for people who are not home much and need work a lot and need that little extra touch up every day and have little obstacles.~~~~~~~<<<After all the omg review I was like I need to get this!  I have hacks major back problems since I moved and thought this would be great to have it get into places I have difficulty getting to, i.e. Under bed and couch etc. well sorry to say not an omg moment for me. Here are the big issues:1. I didn't find it as quiet as people claim except when on carpet.2. Set for auto start and guess what doesn't go.3.some times it likes to get over items it shouldn't be going on that are at least 1/2" and won't go over a simple floor or bathroom mats,  but then next day or so won't go over that same object.4. Spends several rotations over same spots and I just a t to say ✋ I can't take this anymore.5. Keeps on going but never says "hey I'm full come empty me." Then again if it is only goingnover same spots why would it need to get emptied?5. One of my other issues this thing will just die out and not go back to the docking station.I know, I have only been using this since Sunday but I'm sorry for the price I may as well use a real vaccum and leave this to scare the cats 🐱 or mice 🐭  Better yet maybe it can find my lost car keys, earrings, or change.,My husband has been eyeing these shapely little creatures for years. I am not saying I am the WORST at keeping house, but I am certainly not the best. Add in one kid later and things like vacuuming are something you do for company coming over. My OCD husband couldn't take it. My lazy husband was fine with that. I only have one husband and those two clashing fronts led to his fascination with robot vacuum cleaners.We are not strangers to robots. He has a robot that cleans the gutters, he has a drone that he had to have (and never uses). He is a genius when it comes to electronics and a super genius when it comes to reading reviews. So he set sail one day on finding the PERFECT robot vacuum.When he found this one, he was sure it was the one. He got down on one knee and asked it to clean his floors forever. Unfortunately, I vetoed that because we had one kid and another on the way - and a perfectly good vacuum sitting in the closet. The last thing I needed was to spend $300 on this. He set alerts to maybe EVERY robot vacuum on the market to announce when they were on a deal. As we share this amazon account, I would get alerts on my phone and immediately see him peering over his screen to see if I saw the deal. I would check them out but ultimately decide that we could live without it.Then this one went on deal. This was the one he had been waiting for. The one that showed up on our 'Recent' search history far too many times to not be slightly jealous. The deal was amazing and I told him he could have it. He would have to work his side hustle a little extra to make up the difference but, if he wanted it, it was all his. (Side note, I am not a powerful being. I know that he could have just as easily bought this and told me the moment it arrived at our door. He works 2 jobs, one full time - one part time. He is LITERALLY the most amazing husband and father that has ever lived. He makes every activity more fun just by being apart of it. So if I am coming across as the mean b---hy boss, it's only my persona in this review. I did tell him he could have it.... but he damn well already knew that.)When it arrived, he was on his way to pick me up from work. I was pretty sure that I would have to ride in the back seat as he probably had this new toy strapped in the front seat belt. When we got home, it was a race. How fast could he get it unboxed? The second question, would it have any charge on it so he could see it in action? Luckily it did. He put it down on the floor and instantly was in love. The little front brushes started spinning and the little guy glided effortlessly across our hardwood floors sucking up all the ignored dust bunnies it could find. We put our hand down to make sure the little arm/brush/thingies weren't going to hurt our feet, toddler or dogs if they got to close - but they don't. They are smooth. It clears a path under our dining room table and chairs, and even goes under our low profile coffee table. It doesn't have a problem butting in to clean where it can fit.It has a great detector to not run into things. The only exception would be table legs that are too thin for it to detect. It doesn't work based on memory - it just runs the house. That's nice for us because of the dogs and toddler toys that magically find a way out and around during each cycle. We set it on a schedule to run Monday, Wednesday, Friday at 6pm. On those days, it starts up with no issue and runs for about 90 minutes before returning to base. We do keep the bedroom doors closed because we have a VERY thick pile carpet in those rooms and although it never has, I don't want it to get stuck or clogged on those fibers. I shed like an animal and it has no issues with my long locks. We have had to clean out the rollers from my hair but it comes with a tool specifically for that. Otherwise I can think of no issues. I would highly recommend (letting) your husband buy this. Although I thought the money was a bit much, the time saved and now spent with my family is worth the cash.,This thing is freaking awesome. We have to big dogs thay shed like a tornado going through a cotton field. We would have to vacuum twice a day just to keep the dog hair at bay.Since receiving this we have yet to vacuum and the floors are spotless. More excited then a toddler sucking on a popsicle. This is is great.I have it set on a timer so it clean during mid day when we are gone and then i send it away on auto again when we are home. We have several area rugs with thick padding underneath and it posses no problem what so ever.It has several different modes, which one of them being spot clean. I think that one is pretty dumb sense it goes in a 2 foot circumference.  The edge cleaning is awesome, will trace the all the walls. Auto is my favirote. It gets under the dining room table and chairs with ease, has yet to get stuck.The dirt collector can actually hold more then you would think. And is also super easy to take out and empty and slide right back in.This is a fairly quiet machine, it doesnt over power the tv or anything....its not annoying. Comes with extra brushes and filter as well. The remote is also really cool. U can direct it wherever u want with it and send it back home (charging station). Amazing product.,I'm in love again.FYI no one pays me to write anything.I owned one of the first generation Roombas and LOVED her. She ran for years (wit 2 battery replacements) before she eventually would run no more. That was a few years ago.  Fast forward to now - and finding myself in receipt of an unexpected $200 just as my long-haired, fluffy, Eskipom enters shedding season (why he would do that in October is beyond me - and ordered the Ecovac Deebot N79 based on its price and excellent reviews.She came well-packaged in a box within a box within a box - that was great. And all I had to do to get her started was push in her debri sweepers. For the last hour now she has been cleaning the front part of my house - the mosaic tiled laundry, the stone floor kitchen, and the 65 year old hardwood floors.What a tremendous job she is doing, She didn't even have to charge! Me and the cats have been following her around and wow. She is getting it all. All the fluff. All the cardboard scratching post debri, all the dust bunnies. And she's so quiet (much quieter than Roomba ever was).So yay! I like to keep a clean house and when your floor is clean everything else looks better, and now I can run her every day - front of house one day, the rest of it another, and not worry about all the pet hair anymore.I did buy a separate two yr warranty, as i don't "know" this company. It was cheap and gives peace of mind.,This little robot - we named MonsterBot - is incredible. We live in a 1600 square foot split level home (800sq ft upstairs, 800 sq ft down). We have a beagle dog and a toddler and I have long hair.  I program our MonsterBot to clean once a day. My upstairs is half tile (kitchen and bathroom) and half carpet (bedrooms and living room) and it navigates both surfaces no problem. We have an area rug in our carpeted living room and it has zero problems. I have had a few issues with the anti-drop warning malfunctioning and the customer service has been incredible in troubleshooting the problem with me. Unfortunately I had a defective bot and they sent me a brand new replacement one. Simple as that. This little robot can be controlled via the app on the phone, however the app isn't the greatest. It generally takes multiple times to refresh to see the bot on my list, but you can control the bot via your phone if you are in a different city which I absolutely love. This bot cleans and picks up dog hair, crumbs, and all the random crap you would expect to accumulate in a house with a dog and toddler. We try to remember to bring it downstairs every couple of days and set it loose in the basement while we eat dinner upstairs.It's a little odd how it navigates around: There is no room mapping so it literally just bumps around your house until you either tell it to go back to its charger or the low battery indicator is tripped and it goes back on its own. Every once in a while we find the bot in a random spot in our house because the battery died before it got home, but that's no big deal, you have to find it to empty the dust out of it everyday anyway.I am extremely satisfied with my purchase and with the customer service I have received with this bot. I would like to note that as other customers have stated, the customer service is incredibly slow with actually getting back to you, but once I was able to get ahold of an actual human they helped me out right away. The app could be better but that's my only complaint. Thank you ECOVACS for helping me work through some technical difficulties and being so patient with me. I am a lifelong customer!The speed of customer service and hassle is the reason I have taken one star off the total review. The function of the vacuum is great, however.,I was skeptial at first!  finally I thought I'd give this robiotic vacuum a try..... boy am  glad I did!. My sister has had the Roomba for several years which I thought was very pricey!  I read all the reviews on this vacuum by Ecovacs and it was Amazons best seller! The first one I purchased was from the Amazon warehouse. I knew that  that it was slightly used but when it arrived it was missing the remote controll along with a few other items. Amazon sent me a return lable and $10's toward my next Amazon purchase for my inconvience! I bought a new one from Amazon and with my discount it was only $6's more than the used one with missing parts! I'm so in love with my new maid! I named her Florence (like the maid on "The Jefferson's!) I have hardwood floor's, ceramic tile and also some area rugs and she tackel's them all with ease. The best part for me is she goes under my bed and gets all my dust bunnies! With some knee problem's I have a hard time getting down on my knees and then getting back up .I Love that it has a remote for programing! I read that they are working with Echo to soon make it compatible with Alexa! I just bought a 2nd one for a friend! If your thinking about getting a robotic vacuum I assure you this is the one and the price is fantastic! Love, love, love it!,It doesn't seem to get stuck on things, which is very good, but at the end of almost every auto clean session, it gets a main brush malfunction and starts beeping.  Maybe this is because a full dustbin causes that error, but you'd figure "full dustbin" would be a reasonably easy thing to have a separate error message for.If it stops giving that error and making me have to put it back on the charging station EVERY DAY, I will update the review and give it more stars.  If not, I will update the review, give it less stars, and return it.  Stay tuned!Minor update... this time, it gave me the main brush error because it was obviously stuck under an ottoman that would allow it to "see" the base station, but not actually get there (legs too close together).  So maybe "Main brush malfunction" is like listing "lack of blood flow to brain" for a cause of death.-update 2/12/2018Yah, so.. It sucks.  Not literally, just figuratively.  It will almost never find the home base.  It can be 3 feet away, and will get to within inches, and stop.  When I start it going, it will wander around for a while, get lost, and then start beeping.  I've cleaned all the sensors I can find, and still nothing.  I can't recommend this to anyone who wants something automated.  If they are looking for a fun way to scare the cat, maybe.  Robot vacuum you can fire and forget, not a chance.Also, although no one is concerned about security, this thing isn't patched for Krack Wifi vulnerability, and appears to be incompatible (during initial setup only) with a wifi router that is.  I had to trick it into connecting the first time by using an old phone as a hot spot.  After that, it would connect.  Oh, and it sends data to the internet when its on.  I'm sure that's nothing to worry about.,I’ve had it 2 months and it doesn’t work anymore. I loved it at first but after about a month I started having little problems with it here and there. I thought it was probably just user error and went on trying to learn about it. Now it’s 2 months old and will not charge. Once docked it begins charging, then after about 2 minutes stops and will not charge at all.,Got this for our very large retail store with thin carpets and some tile and run it several days a week for about 20 minutes at a time. It does a great job picking up surface stuff and embedded dirt, judging from the volume of debris we empty after every use.  It finds its base with some help, but the base is located in a very out-of-the-way area of the store.  The remote is, frankly, necessary for our use and I wish it were easier to use.  It is configured like a TV remote, with four arrows (up, down, left, right) but pushing left sometimes makes it go right and vice versa.  The up and down direction is also a guessing game.  The Deebot does a much better job than our (old model) Roomba.  It is very easy to empty and clean.  It is not too loud but loud enough for us to find it in the store, which has many aisles and rooms, when we let it wander off on its own without using the remote.  The remote, by the way, is not the white/silver one shown in the ad, which appears to have a large screen; it is a black TV-type remote.  Maybe the one shown works better than the one we got, but it is different.  We would buy this product again and may even buy a second one to cover more area more quickly.  I tested it at home first, with mostly laminate floors, and it did a remarkable job there and navigated over carpets (except thick shag) easily.  It also handles the throw rugs at the store very well.  Along with a better remote, my wish list would include an embedded handle and double speed.,I haven't owned a robotic vacuum since the earliest Roomba versions, maybe 13 years ago. This one is an amazing improvement over the first gen technology.  My current house is laid out very well for a robotic vacuum - only hard floors and low pile rugs. Here's some info on my last few months' experience:Hangups:Getting it to run the first week was a bit rough -- it was constantly grabbing or running over something that it had trouble with. Most of this was just a matter of getting everything cleaned up.  I have a two year old, so it's a challenge.  I also had a couple corners it got stuck in.  By the time the first week passed and I addressed the problem areas, it ran a full cycle without issue.Runtime:I have a small house ~1500sf and it can do the whole thing in one run. It usually runs for around 90 minutes.  So far no issues with it making it back to its dock on its own.Performance:Great! I have a short haired dog and a long haired wife that are both constantly shedding.  So far no issues with hair. When it's done, the floors are clean. I haven't had an issue with it going over the carpets.  It gets snagged in toddler toys, but that is expected. When doing its normal pathing, it can easily bump into a dog water bowl without spilling the water.It's also really quiet. I can run it at night without waking up my daughter or bothering me.Bin capacity is good, and the tool they provide is well designed for brushing dust off the filter.I haven't messed with the wifi features -- since I need to pick up the house before it runs I don't really need it.Cons:The scheduling function is not great. It mentions in the documentation that the timing can get reset (dumb).  I have resorted to running it at night and not relying on the scheduling feature.Conclusion:This vacuum met my expectations. I am very glad I went with this model over a more expensive brand name version. It isn't perfect, but at the price I paid it does what I expected. I like that I can order replacement parts on Amazon.The main thing to know going in is that it isn't set and forget. Before I run it I do a quick cleanup around the house and grab anything that would get caught. This is fine with me -- the cleaning needs to happen anyways, and I get a no effort vacuum afterwards.,So I researched these robot vacuums for quite a while before deciding on this model.  I've had this unit now for almost 2 weeks and I'm very happy with the purchase so far.  This vacuum does exactly what I intended for it to do - help us maintain our hardwoods and area rugs that are often covered in dog hair and crumbs from our two young children.  We were using one or two swiffer pads literally every day. My wife was skeptical at first, but now she is pretty happy with this purchase.PROS: 1. Very reasonably priced compared to some more well-known brands.  I believe it is just as capable as units costing much more 2. Very quiet when running 3. Availability of accessories (they did come from China so took a few extra days to arrive - no big deal) 4. Picks up hair and debris very well from hardwoods and low pile carpets 5. Wifi - easy to set up and works well - must have 2.4GHz to work  6. Lower height means it gets under our couches and under furniture better than many competitors  7. It does bump into things from time to time but it is most often a soft tap. I have no scuff marks anywhere and we've run this robot ~ 8-9 times. It usually approaches and then slows and then turns when it sees something ahead. I list this as a PRO because I was expected much worse. 8. Quality appears to be very good - time will tell of course.CONS 1. Not as "smart" as some more expensive models - ours takes quite a while to find it's way back to the base 2. Random pattern means some areas might get missed-don't buy this if you expect perfection every time you run this robot although it does do an excellent job. 3. No alert to tell you the bin is full - less likely to be an issue if you maintain the area with regular cleaning 4. Ours does get stuck occasionally- most often on our area rug under the chairs - it beeps until you come to rescue it - this could be an issue if you run this at night and are trying to sleep.  We just run ours while we are around - problem solved.My overall take:Great value for what you get. I didn't see a model on the market that beat this out at this price point. This will NOT replace your need to vacuum, but it will be less often than before.  It will certainly help you maintain your floors - we are amazed at how much it picks up.Also, this does NOT work well on high pile carpets - do not buy this expecting that it will- we gave it a try just to see and it struggles a bit- It states clearly on the product description that it is for hard surfaces and low pile carpet. Choose a vacuum for your particular situation (type of carpet, size of house, etc). Time will tell how durable it is, but I'm hopeful it lasts at least 3-5 years.,Updated review:  The folks at Ecovac were kind enough to ship me a free replacement.  I was amazed by the offer alone.  The replacement DeeBot’s battery lasted almost exactly 2 hours!  Waaay better than the first one I received, which lasted about a half hour on a charge (see my original 2-star review below).  Both DeeBots did a great job of finding dust and debris in places that are otherwise hard for me to reach with my full-sized upright vacuum.  I recommend giving it a try, you will be surprised at how well this little vacuum works.Original review:  Thank you, Amazon, for your good return policies.  This item has one-quarter the battery life that was advertized.,History/credentials/vacuum needs:Currently: I own two iRobot - Roomba (960, 850) and an Ecovac deebot robotic vacuum N79.  Additionally, I have two cordless Dyson's stick vacuums, one traditional cord Dyson vacuum and one traditional cord Electrolux Precision Pet Vacuum.Previously: I owned a bObsweep Robotic Vacuumce, NuTone central vacuum system, traditional cord Hoover vacuums, and Red Devil vacuum.Needs:  I am not running a consumer reports lab out of my basement if that's what you are thinking nor am I crazy about cleaning and have my house on point.  I am just a normal person who wants a clean house that sometimes gets a little out of control because of a busy life and is looking for products that can help out.  The truth is I had a house that was 3 stories and over 3,000 square foot and I wasn't about to haul sweepers up and down steps all day.  I had another house that had antral vacuum system but that's not as easy as it appears.  If one thing goes wrong or something gets stuck in the system that leads to days and days and service calls of troubleshooting and problems solving.  Currently, I have a house that is right around 3,000 square feet (empty nesters downsized) and with 2 stories and a basement, I am again not hauling vacuums up and down steps.  I have 2 cats, 2 dogs and white carpet.The best of the best of what I have ever owned:  Ecovac N79 hands down has irobot roomba beat.  It's quieter, doesn't bump into stuff as much and is more intuitive, picks up better, doesn't get stuck as much and stop and just overall is a better vacuum.Bobsweep is junk.  We gave ours to the Salvation Army.  We wasted $100's of dollars.  It's junk don't waste your time.Out of the corded vacuums, the Electrolux is the best.  Dyson's are ok but I think the Electrolux pet hair is probably the best vacuum I have ever owned in my life.Our routine is we clean once a week and use the regular vacuums and then supplement with the robot vacuums that are programmed daily so that it helps keep the house nice.  We are under no illusion the robotic vacuums are meant for heavy duty cleaning.  It's pretty apparent they are supplemental, at best.  However, they sure do make once a week cleaning shorter (a lot shorter) because it's like have a maid sweep the floors every day.Conclusion:  Buy the Ecovac's Deebot N79 is a good vacuum and is a bargain for the price.,I've been wanting a robotic vacuum for some time now, but thought they were too costly, plus the reviews were not that great.So, I decided to do some research, read a ton of questions and reviews before deciding on this Ecovacs Deebot N79.First, the price was great at $149.99, plus I did get the 3 year extended warranty for an additional $19.99.  The vac does come with a one year limited warranty.Like the day before the company sends you an email on how to set up the vac, plus if you want to use the phone app.  Iam passing on that tho I do have wireless.It is so easy to set up.  The extra set of brushes, and the foam filter and filter you will need to replace, one extra came of those too.  Even a cleaning tool was included.  Most of the parts are washable.  Very easy to maintain.On day one I seemed to need to help the vac, the light would turn red, the vac would spin on one area rug, the other identical area rug had no problem. To make things simple iam just using the Auto option.  Yes the remote is supposed to come with 2 AAA batteries it says in the manual which is excellent, but doesn't.  No problem, I always keep AA and AAA batteries on hand.Anyway, on day one the vac seemed to have issues, you see quickly that this vac does not vacuum like a human would.  It kind of goes straight until it senses a chair leg, table leg, etc then turns and goes another way.  It doesn't do one room at a time and move on if you use the Auto setting.  All of the back and forth it does it picks up alot of dust/hair.  Then it had a problem finding it's way home.On Day Two a huge difference!  I didn't move anything.  I really don't have things lying out, but I do have baskets on my carpet and one surge protector near the wall.  I didn't have to help the vac at all, it only had an issue with a smaller bath mat.  It even found it's way home with no help from me other than pressing the Home button.  Again a full dust bin.Both days I stopped the vac from running after I thought it had done each room well enough, both days the battery was not run all of the way down.  My condo is only 561 SQ FT, but it's not an open floor plan. The noise level of the vac is not bad at all, and I do have excellent hearing.So a huge difference between Day One and Day Two, almost as if the first day it had to learn my house, but on day two it was good to go on it's own.  For now iam not programming the vac to run at a certain time and day.  I just run it when I have time to, watching how it vacuums, if it has any issues, if it gets stuck etc.Mostly I have very thin carpet, two larger area rugs and a few smaller ones, and regular, not wood flooring, but not an open layout.  It can get under most cabinets, but it's too big to get around my toilet.  It seems to love getting under my bed, but does find its way out on its own.Rarely have I ever had help cleaning.  I do vacuum and mop, but my allergies have gotten really bad.I think this vac will be a big help to me.  For that reason I named my vac Buddy.  Iam very happy with my purchase!I did see that Amazon is now offering the 3 arm brushes, set of 10, as well as the foam filter and other filter as a set of 10 too.  In the manual it does show that the main brush will also need to be replaced.  The excellent manual does show you when to replace certain parts, how often to clean them, what you can wash and what you can't.I haven't been this happy with a purchase for some time now.  So very happy with this one!!!,Love the N79, better the other Deebot I bought last year for the tiled floor. On/off area rugs and tiled floor with ease, does a great job picking up cats and dog hair and bits of my dog's treat, and even picked up a dead 3/4" roach! It's meandering ways seemed adhoc, but it does a good job (vacuumed up the roach in the corner of the dining area on the 2nd day). Did get temporarily trapped by a dining chair, but found it's way out. Cleaned under my sofas and kitchen cabinets, got stuck under the bureau (solved by placing barrier in front). Now I can toss my old Oreck vacuum cleaner and use the small handheld for window sills and hard to reach places.,LOVE my Deebot!!! He is so efficient! Surprisingly quiet. It is a vacuum but much quieter than my upright Shark vacuum. I had been wanting a Roomba for a couple years but couldn't justify the price point. After reading the reviews on the Deebot, I took a chance.We love our robot so much, we named him Alfred. ;-)I usually run him twice a day. With 4 kids and 4 dogs in our home, he gets ALL the dirt, hair, stray cheerios and even the occasional penny.  It makes a huge difference for me keeping our home clean. Especially when after back-breaking sweeping for 30 minutes, I turn around and see multiple spots I've missed. Alfred gets it all without me lifting a finger or getting back aches.There is about a 1-2 inch lip between our kitchen and dining room. Alfred navigates easily back on forth without getting stuck. He also transitions from the rugs to the hardwood floors with no problem. He will suck up cords. I just have to make sure stray computer and Xbox cords are picked up. Occasionally he'll get trapped between chair legs. Left alone, he'll find his way out, but sometimes I'll lift up the chair to help him get back to work. I honestly can't say enough how much I love my little robot vacuum. I've "sold" at least 3 of these to my friends by telling them how efficient it is. Best money I ever spent!,I am amazed how much debris this thing finds in (what I thought was) a clean house. That's good and bad. The good is that it finds and collects dust, dirt, pet hair, etc. The bad is that the collection canister isn't big enough!.That just means that you may have to empty collected debris mid-cycle. Fortunately, the APP allows you to schedule days and times when the cleaner will run. I have scheduled it to run at 4 am three days a week. It is quiet enough that it will not disturb your sleep. Just remember to empty the canister in the morning. So far (about a month)(and to my surprise) it has vacuumed until the battery is drained and finds its way back to the charging station where it parks itself. It is sitting there idle so it's easy to ignore it. But an inspection will reveal a full canister. It easily moves from tile to hardwood to carpet. We have lots of oriental rugs with fringe and it passes over without incident. I wish it were a little more organized in the pattern it runs. It is random, and areas get vacuumed multiple times, and other areas are missed. But, I'm betting that by running three days a week will cover everything eventually. The Owner's Manual needs a little work, but email support was responsive.,Since hurricane Irma hit our area I have had a lot of dust and stange things coming out of my HVAV system and the floors are constantly dirty. I have only had the Deebot N79 for two days and already emptied the dust container three times. Floors look and feel much cleaner. I have mostly wood, some tile and only 2 bedrooms carpeted. It transitions without issue through it , etc.all. We removed electrical cables from floor to allow for easier access as this caused some minor problems initially. I will keep it even after i find and fix the cause of all this extra dust, etc.So far I am very happy with this item and would recommend it. I have never owned another one so I cannot compare, but others reviews are what drove my purchase decision.1st Update- I just retrieved he Deebot from 30 minutes of cleaning in a hardwood floor bedroom where the occupant has extremely long, thick dark hair. I go to empty it to find the roller covered in her long hair and the dust collection box full. I take it outside to clean and the handy device they included with a safety razor cutting edge works like a charm. The roller pops out of the bottom, no tools required, and I use the  tool provided to cut and remove a considerable amount of hair and reinstall in a couple of minutes. This things is amazingly well thought out an engineered.,We have had this for a little less than a week now, but have set it up to run everyday when we get home. I know its supposed to work while you're not home but I wanted to see how it works before I let it on it's own.We have a fairly open floor plan, mostly laminate flooring with some area rugs. This things picks up ALOT of dirt and debris, we have two dogs and it picks up a ton of hair. It has no issues on the low pile area rugs or our low shag carpeting either.It does, however, seem to wander around aimlessly sometimes cleaning the same areas over and over. It also never seems to be able to "go home" without a little human interaction. I have pressed home on the remote when it was literally in front of the base and it turned and went the opposite way. I tested out the anti drop feature around stairs and it work really well.All in all, it seems to do a decent job at cleaning so I think we will keep it. I don't think it will completely eliminate the need to run the actual vacuum once a week, but it will keep the dirt/pet hair in check in the meantime.,I love my Deebot! I've had it a week and it's done leaps and bounds better than my old Neato! [We had the older Neato XV-11 model, not sure if the new ones are any better] From day one on the Neato I had to troubleshoot it for something. Granted I could have just got a bad model on it, but it also sounded like a jet engine taking off every time it cleaned the house. Eventually it went insane for good and wouldn't function right, I had to part it out on Ebay.I thought I was done with robot vacuums but saw this guy on sale and the raving reviews and couldn't resist giving it another shot. We have 2 cats, which means lots of fur bunnies and litter that feels endless. We have all hardwood floors throughout the house with the occasional low pile rug. It's so quiet too! I have not had to troubleshoot it once yet (knock on wood!). It really is plug and play. I used to hate having the Neato in the same room with us but this one we enjoy having it around and working.Pros:Picks up tons of cat hair and litterVery thorough, does edging nicely!QuietEasy to dump tray (our Neato was not!)Low profile design and gets under our chairs and places we rarely touchedRarely gets stuck on things (Pick up your cords though before you start it)Easy to find if something gets stuck in the roller, makes a loud beeping noise (no more hunts for the robot vacuum!!)Cons:None yet!Hoping the battery lasts a long time and we have no issues with it keeping suction. I'll update the review if anything comes up but for now I love it!,I've been on the fence for a while about buying a robotic vacuum cleaner. While browsing around I stumbled on this model. I'm just simply not going to pay for a Roomba, just like I'm not going to pay for a YETI, but that's another story. I knew there were great robots out there at a great price. I read the reviews of this one and took a chance. Let me tell you, this thing is phenomenal. My wife and I are full-time working parents of two small children. We're busy and don't have time for as much cleaning as we'd like to do and we're tired when we get home and nights are short with small children in school. The Deebot N79 has been keeping our floor clean since the day we bought it. We run it every single day and it amazes me the amount of dirt it picks up. Not only can I see a difference, but I can feel the difference. We have a lot of laminate hardwood and you can see every single speck of dirt..and feel it too. But not anymore since buying this thing. Forget the Roomba. I know with a lot of things the old saying "you get what you pay for" is true, but you can buy this safely knowing you're getting an incredible bargain for a machine that really does the job just as described. Great suction, sensors work perfect, and returns itself right back to it's charging cradle like it should. It's surprisingly not too loud. It keeps your floor clean, it's that simple. I have no reservations recommending this to a friend, which I already did and they bought it and love it. Thanks to ECOVACS for making an affordable device the rest of us can take advantage of., Liked it so much I just purchased another one for my upstairs.I've now had this for about a week.  I can't say enough great things about it.  I have two dogs, a miniature American Eskimo (long hair) and Blue Heeler (semi short hair), and two daughters who shed as much as the dogs.  The vacuum does an amazing job, to the point where I no longer need my Dyson hand vacuum to vacuum the kitchen anymore.I have it set to run everyday at 4:00pm so by the time I get home around 5:15pm the house is nice and clean.I live in a two story house where each floor is roughly 1300 sqft.  The kitchen, dining room, and living room are one long room, with my office off the living room with two entrances.  I must say this little guy exceeded my expectation by 100%.  I expected it to get lost in my office under the desk and not be able to find it's way to the charger, and am happy to report that that situation has only occurred once, and it was due to a cord laying on the ground (so far it's found the base 95% of the time).The only drawback is keeping the lint/dusk canister empty!  It always seems to be full with dog hair or something else.,We have a couple of dogs and it always seems that when we mop, there's still some pet hair that has remained after sweeping and therefore, getting these little hair balls of yuck.  I thought if we had something for maintenance, we could minimize this situation.  The Deebot (N79), known in our family as Oscar has really helped with the pet hair.  The Deebot maneuvers over our carpet or tile and does pretty well with the exception of sometimes I watch the front nylon brushes knock stuff out of the way only when on tile and thus it doesn't get scooped up towards the middle as per design.  In addition, the Deebot gets stuck coming out from the coffee table where we have an arched valance a lot.  Finally, the Deebot doesn't like it when messy marvins (aka our kids) leave their charging cables on the floor or a sock.  The Deebot is good for small debris only.  It's not quite set it and forget it in our house but even so, we're very happy with the maintenance cleaning it performs.,I'm happier with this than I thought it would be. I haven't vacuumed since I got it.It traverses the house in a lot of odd patterns and I do find spots it missed, but when I run it every day or two it generally gets everything and my floors are pretty much spotless. I have almost all plain hardwoods.I love how the whiskers get the dog hair out from under the chair legs. My Swiffer never did that. Also, it goes right under my couch and I don't think i was ever able to sufficiently clean that before. It spends time under my beds getting all of the dog hair and that's probably the biggest gift.Downside is that it travels all over the house in a weird pattern and there's really no guarantee that by the time it goes home to its dock it will have hit all of the spots you have in mind. But if you use it every day or two it will eventually get to almost everything.,It worked great for 2 1/2 months.  Now all it does is go in circles.  I'll let you know how the company handles the 1 year warranty.  I'M IMPRESSED!  The support and help from the company is second to none.  They literally will do whatever it takes to make you a happy customer.  I would absolutely, without a doubt, purchase from this company again and again.  They sent me a new replacement BEFORE I sent the defective unit back to them (that's customer service!)  They also emailed me a return authorization and prepaid postage label.  Not only do I love the vacuum I love the company too.,I purchased this during the famous Prime Day. I think for the price I paid, it is a good product. I have only really used the automatic mode, on a mix of hard floor and carpet, on this and here are a few things I noticed.1 - Battery last decently, however, there is no setting to have it go home when the battery is about to die.2 - Vacuums hard floors decently. Obviously, wont clean up scuffs, but loose materials it does nice.3 - Vacuums carpet very well. I have an old walmart vacuum so the comparison might not be similar to yours, however, it does a much better job than my walmart vacuum.4 - It does get stuck if you have an area, or more, with complicatedly close barriers. Mine has gotten stuck several times and just shuts down.5 - No alarm/alert feature to let you know it has gotten stuck and has stopped vacuuming.6 - There is no homing beacon setting to help you find it when it has gotten stuck or battery is dead...just keep looking!7 - Need to purposely block out zones so that this stays within a specific area you want it to be in.8 - I do not use the phone app as I did not notice it could do anything interesting when I downloaded it to check it out.If you can find it at a good deal, it is a great little vacuum. I recommend it, even if you have to do a little planning beforehand., We had a rumba years ago but it didn’t really live up to its hype.  But the reviews on the low price of the Deebot N79 convinced me to give it a try.  First day of use I was blown away over how well it cleans, how quiet it was and great range of overall features. The ECOVACS iPhone app is fun to use, too.  Easily connects to Wi-Fi. I love the user interface because to can set up  a cleaning schedule, tell it what pattern to use when cleaning and send it back to the charger! I noticed shorter thresholds are no problem for it to cross over, but the taller thresholds (1/2” or taller) seem too tall to cross. Photos show the 'good' and 'bad' thresholds.  Video shows removing the stuff Deebot picked up. Fringed, heavier/larger carpets haven’t snagged the Deebot, but a lightweight throw rug with long fringes were a challenge. We also have 2 cats and a dog and all the pet hairs are Great price, outstanding vale. Just get it!,I was not sure this would be worth the money when I bought it. It's a little robot and I have a big full size Shark vacuum that usually does my dirty work, but holy crap this robo-slave is worth every penny. It gets to nooks and crannies and it gets underneath coffee tables and underneath the edge of recliner chairs. These are often places that I either forget about or don't care to vacuum.I run the DeeBot three times a week and get a 75% full dust bin every time. This is in a no kids, but two 10lb non-shedding dogs household with hardwood floors. The true enemy of hardwood floors is the tracked in dirt that gets underneath shoes and chairs and that dirt scratches up floors and puts wear and tear on the hardwood. The DeeBot picks up the dirt I can see and can't quite see cause it's on the floor and my eyes are almost six feet away from that dirt.My floors feel shiny and slippery after the DeeBot does it's work. The dogs are mad because they can't find traction to jump on the couch. My spouse scowls at me because I brag about how well I cleaned the floor when really the robot did all the work. The spouse knows the robot did the work, but buying the robot was my idea so I get the win.,Best cleaning investment.. I unleashed this beast last night where my dog sleeps and all I can say is WOW.. I'm very impressed,We love our new vacuum.  I owned a robotic vacuum about 10 years ago but it never really worked very well.  It was loud with low suction and would take several charges to do the job. They have come a long way since then in most respects.This one has a few more sensors and seems slightly more intelligent.  The reason for the four stars instead of five is because like many other robot cleaners, it relies on random patterns to clean.  In this case it works because the space I have to clean can be randomly covered within the battery life, which is great by the way!  I was slightly disappointed that in 10 years they still rely on the brawn of batterylife and random patterns instead of brains and efficiency with intelligent patterns.Outside of that one gripe, it's a great vacuum.  I didn't have a single problem with the app using a Samsung S5 on android.  It even managed to navigate through 14 chairs, when I thought for sure it would get stuck.  Only once did it actually get stuck when transitioning from a memory foam floor mat at an angle then hitting a protruding object.  I corrected the obstacle and all was well.Summary:  At this price it's a great buy for a small to medium size space.  I doubt with using random patterns it will be able to cover more than 1600sqft on a single charge without missing areas.,I really tried to like this vacuum. After it ran the first time, I found that I could only run it while home since it got stuck a couple of times going over small door transition strips. Then it could not find its home literally half the time. Every once and a while it could get itself unstuck, but not frequently. The final straw was the last time I ran it. It got stuck 4 times in 15 minutes. It defeats the purpose of having a robotic vacuum if you have to keep attending to it. The other issue I had was the large berth its home station took - I literally had to move furniture around to make a spot big enough for the docking station. I broke down and spent another $100 and ordered a Roomba, which I wish I had done initially - re-packing the Deebot and taking to UPS is a drag.,This is a great little robot. It does pretty much the same thing my older roomba did but with twice the cleaning efficiency, running 3 times longer and at half the noise level which is a major step up at a pretty reasonable price. I run it every day on a schedule and it keeps the dog hair under control. I have 2 dogs (a lab and a beagle) and a cat. I would have given this 5 stars if ecovacs had thought to put a function in it that made it reverse when it gets stuck. It gets stuck under the fridge and on top of some wires by the tv but doesn't seem to even think to back up. It also looks as though ecovacs could have easily made this interface with Alexa but did not include this model in the alexa skill. It already works through the Wi-Fi that alexa shares, I don't see why they wouldn't allow alexa to give it commands. The remote that comes with it is quite responsive and the second sweeping arm makes a night and day difference. I don't know why irobots put only 1 sweeping arm on the roomba. I have watched the roomba miss clumps of hair and keep going many times because the arm just kicks away the dirt. This is a great little robot for my hardwood floors, I cannot speak for carpeted floors but I definitely will recommend this to friends.Just an update: after having this machine for about 6 months now I am having the same problem as many others. The machine spins in circles and turns off. I found this to be a proximity issue. This machine has a whole bunch of infrared proximity sensors and the bumper on the front has a lens going across it that these sensors must see through and detect feedback light so this lens must be clear. This seems to be the biggest issue with this machine, dirt and scratches on the front send bad feedback. If you wish to correct this you must take the front bumper off and remove the lens and clean all these sensors. I found this to mostly fix the issue but I do not want to have to do this every 6 months. Eventually I will have to replace this lens as it now bumps into walls (it didn't when it was new) and is getting scratched up. This wasn't well thought out by ecovacs and I probably won't buy another one until this flaw is re-engineered. The attached picture shows all the ir sensors (picture taken with the ir filter on camera removed).,**Update*** I've had my Deebot, that we affectionately call Deebo, for just over a month now. Deebo cleans our floors on a schedule every day and it seriously has changed my life. I can walk barefoot in my house and it's amazing! All I have to do is remember to empty the dust bin. At first I had to empty the dust bin constantly, but now that Deebo has everything under control I just empty it every other day. I raved about my Deebot so much that my parents bought the fancier one that maps your house- if you have extra money to spend and a larger house I would definitely recommend springing for the Deebot that maps the house. It cleans much more efficiently that way plus you can watch it cleaning on your phone. If you read my original review below, you'll see my dogs had a little difficulty adjusting to the vac, but they got over it and it doesn't bother them anymore. All in all I LOVE my little Deebo!I have been wanting one of these robot vacuums for a while now and I finally purchased this one on Black Friday. I live on a small farm and my husband and dogs (not me, of course) are constantly tracking dirt into the house. No matter how much I sweep, there's always more dirt. My dream is to be able to walk around on my floor barefoot. I THINK with this little vacuum that dream just might come true. I've only had it for 2 days now, but I am already in love! When I got it I let it charge for a while then set it to auto and it cleaned my living and dining rooms. I had to empty the tray then I brought it into the kitchen to let it clean. Unfortunately for me There is a small step up into the kitchen, but I just picked up the vac and set it down in the kitchen to do it's job. The little dust bin holds a surprisingly large amount or dirt and debris. It grabbed dog hair, dust bunnies from under my furniture, dirt and anything else it came across. So far it hasn't had any issue getting stuck on my area rugs.You can control the vac a couple different ways, you can simply press the button right on the vac to set it to auto, you can use the remote control or you can use the app. The app is great, because you can see it's status and you can see how the battery is doing. You can set a schedule for it to clean using the app or the remote.  It's kind of fun to watch it zoom around the house cleaning up after you. My husband has enjoyed using the remote to chase the dogs around with the vac, so there's that.It's much more quiet than a regular vacuum, but it's definitely not silent. I would recommend scheduling it to clean while you're out rather than while you're sleeping or trying to watch TV. I would also avoid running it while your dogs are unattended with it.I read some reviews that said the vac has a hard time finding it's charging station- It will NOT find it station unless you start it from the charging station. It will also lose all scheduling if you turn the vac off, so just leave it on and charging and you'll be all set.,I will preface my review by saying that this is the first robotic vacuum we've owned, so I don't have much basis for comparison. However, I have been researching them for a while. We caught this one on a Daily Deal, so we took the chance on it and have been very satisfied. When  I see some other poor reviews, I have to think it was a defective model or user error.We have a dog and two cats who shed like crazy. Our house is entirely wood floor except for some low level carpets in different rooms. The DEEBOT transitions between the hardwood and the carpet seamlessly. It has made a huge difference in the amount of hair in the house within just 3 uses. There has a been only a few places it got stuck. First, it was able to go under our couch through the side opening, but the front opening is smaller so it got stuck trying to come out. However, another time it managed to get back out the side. The second time it got stuck was our fault because we left some cords lying around and it got stuck on the cords (actually pulled them out of the wall). Your floors need to be "vacuum ready" because it will try to roll over things. We also have a 3 year old who has a play room, and she leaves toys laying around. It navigates pretty well around them, but the smaller ones will get caught. The instruction manual tells you what the warning beeps mean, so it shouldn't be a big mystery when you hear it beeping.Overall this thing has been fantastic. If something happened to it down the road, I'd buy another one without much thought. It's made a huge difference in the floor cleanliness. For the price and quality, I give it 5 stars.,I just received my Deebot, who henceforth I shall refer to as "Rosie" after the Jetson's housekeeper. Out of the box was extremely easy. Biggest challenge was connected Rosie to my WIFI network. She only connects on a 2.5Gz network and I only had a 5Gz network. I figured out how to set up a dual band but if you're not network savvy this could be a stumbling block. Of course Rosie comes with her own remote but seriously? Remotes are so last millennium.She's on her first run right now and she has been able to work around what obstacles she has encountered. I was worried my charging cords which are on the floor might be an issue but not a problem thus far. She crosses from bare wood to low carpet without a problem and she's cruising along without any issues.I'll update this when something worth reporting comes up but until then, I'm extremely pleased.,I have waited 3 months to write this review. I bought 2 of these Deebots. One for my 82 y/o aunt and one for myself. My aunt has had a Roomba for 5 years and loved it. I decided to replace it with this vacuum. At first I loved it and told everyone that they should get one. It was like a little dozer, it would twist , turn, backup, go forward or whatever it had to do to get out from under a table or any situation that kept it from doing it's job. After about 6 weeks I started having to hunt underneath beds, chairs, tables ect. every morning cause it would be stuck. I have tried everything ie, changed brushes, made sure battery is fully charged ect. I talked to my aunt last night. I asked her if she liked her Deebot  and she said, "I like it but I can't turn it on because it's a little smaller than my Roomba and keeps getting stuck." She can't walk but a few steps due to age and bad knees. She sure can't hunt for this thing.  I don't write reviews but I thought people would want to know about my issue. All that being said I would like to say that it picks up dirt really well. It transitions from hard wood to carpet well.  It returns to its station well and the dirt trap is easy to empty. The brushes and filters  are easy to change. I haven't contacted the company yet but plan to and I will update you on their response.,This is my second experience with a vacuum robot; the first was with a mid-tier RoombaThe ECOVACS DEEBOT N79 is an ok vacuum, but it's not smart. It will bounce around the rooms endlessly, and maybe after a few hours it will hit most every spot. After Christmas, I set it down on a bunch of tree needles on the floor, and instead of detecting the extra amount of junk, it made a beeline across the room, oblivious. It frequently gets hung up between chair and table legs at my dining room table; sometimes I have to pick it up and move it. When it needs to charge the battery, it does this bizarre zig zag towards the base, bumping into things as it goes. Sometimes it spends so much time bouncing off things that it doesn't make it back to base. But, I get it, it's a cheap robovac.The dustbin is a terrible design. When the unit is full, you have to press a latch on the dustbin, itself, and pull it out. However, the dustbin is so snug that you have to two-hand it, and wrestle the dustbin out. The problem here is that there is a VERY WIDE HOLE on the other side where the vacuum feeds the dustbin. As you're wrestling this dustbin out, you're spilling its contents back onto the floor. Very frustrating.Based on the above, I would probably give the DEEBOT N79 a three star review. However, my experience got worse.I bought this product because of the advertised Wi-fi feature. I should be able to control it via an app on my iPhone. However, the Wi-fi on my unit was broken. I spent an hour in frustration, trying to get it hooked up and it just wasn't working (and I'm a very technical person; I understand the challenges of Wi-fi setup). I contacted ECOVACS customer support via email. The support person didn't even try to get me to go through a checklist; he volunteered the following: "I am pretty sure it's a hardware issue on the N79 itself.  The wifi chip is bad...... and we had way too many leave our factory with one." He promised to send me a new one, and told me to keep the bad one. "Wow, great customer service!" I thought.Nope. A month goes by, and no package from ECOVACS. I reach out to them again. No response. I send another email. Someone responds and tells me that my replacement unit is on the way. Awesome!I received my replacement unit, and it's got the same damn problem: Wi-fi chip is broken. No one at ECOVACS bothered to make sure I got a properly working unit; they just grabbed a box and threw it on a parcel truck.I could go round and round with them again, but at this point I may just sell these two and buy a Roomba.,I got this for my sister,  as a gift for her birthday so she didn't have to put a lot of physical effort into cleaning her home. Overdoing it with cleaning (especially vacuuming) can sometimes cause her pain to worsen and cause a lot of stress on her body. This vacuum works wonderfully, it's very innovative, it cleans up extremely well, it has a big filter, and it picks up pet hair very well, too. It's very easy to operate and you can schedule it to vacuum whenever you want. It's very quiet, as well. It works great on tiles, carpets, and against the wall. It will NOT fall down the stairs, since it has a great sensor built into it. So that's something you shouldn't worry about it.  Overall, this is a great robotic vacuum that gets the job done. I highly recommend it to chronic pain patients who are unable to do a lot of physical cleaning, for this does it for you. Great quality, great cleanup! Five stars!,I was really looking forward to this unit helping me maintain fur levels from my one German Shepherd Dog, as the saying goes you get what you pay for. I don't expect any single vacuum to be a fix all for my dogs level of shed, but I was a bit disappointed with an otherwise well reviewed (paid reviews?) Product. For this price, and for small pets with short fur this may do ok, but for a long haired Shepherd or dogs with longer hair that could wrap the roller it's very inadequate.  The roller bar gets inundated after a short time in just one room and ends up leaving clumps of fur laying around which looks less clean than before Deebot tried doing it's thing.  It does alright finding it's way around and usually gets back to the charger base but the range is very limited, even with facing line of sight it takes off in the wrong direction often.I am surprised with it's capacity as I thought that would be a limiting factor. I have to empty it between every other cleaning but that's expected with the level of shed my dog generates.Overall it's just an ok product, for the price.,Well I have to say this little guy is excellent.. Having owned Roomba 's and Bob's both of which are way over priced and do not last, nor work, this one by Deebot is a keeper!!.. Finally one that can manage all the different  flooring in the house; area rugs, carpet, wood, tile. It moves from each type of flooring with no problem.  The deebot is lite weight, a plus as  the Bob's are way to heavy and tall, .and that is their downfall, they get stuck.  Roombas simply are cheaply made and overpriced and terrible service.  Deebot, cleans well , picks up a lot of fine fine dust..  This  is a winner.. This is our second one, the other resides in FL!  A nice plus.. WIFI.. The app is simple but i like it that way. You can start it from your phone (IOS or Android),  change the demand cleaning (spot, corners etc). PLUS.. You can find it with your phone if it gets stuck.. Have not needed to call customer support, so can't say about that. But  far far better in price, value, and operation over Roomba and Bobosweep.. far far better.. You can't go wrong,I’ve had several robot vacuums and this is my favorite! My first was a roomba and I loved it. However, after about 3 years, it died. I was so disappointed because of the amount of money I paid. I have a strong opposition towards returning items at Costco just because I can. I could not stomach having to pay another $450 and tried to live without a robot vacuum for several months, and could not. I then purchased a Junior by Bobsweep. I was satisfied for a few months and then it stopped sucking. I had to contact support and get new motors, dustbins, and replacements ever few months. I replaced it 4 times! It also constantly got stuck, and was super loud.  Finally, I gave up on it and purchased the Deebot N79 with a 3 yr Amazon warranty. I’ve had it for over a month, I use it every day and couldn’t be more pleased. It has not lost any suction, it is extremely quiet, does not get stuck on or under anything, the dustbin and filter is extremely easy to clean, and it runs for much longer than any of my other before mentioned vacuums. I would highly recommend.,The Ecovacs Deebot N79 picks up more dirt, dust, and debris than I was expecting it to. I was expecting a simple surface cleaning of our low-to-medium-pile carpet, but it does more than that. It can't compete with a good traditional vacuum cleaner, of course, but does more than well enough for keeping the floor clean in-between full cleaning days. It also does a good job on our kitchen floor, easily sweeping up salt and the like.It does need an occasional assist, such as when it gets itself into a situation where it needs to turn around and come back the way it came, but it just keeps looping around. Other times, it'll figure it out on its own.It also gets confused by bright sunlight projected on the floor through a window. It seems to think that it's a drop-off, and it will get stuck there until you either manually move it or cast a shadow on it.So, it can't be left entirely alone, and you do need to do some area preparation, but overall it does a better-than-expected job of cleaning and is reasonably intelligent at moving around and avoiding obstacles.Another surprising thing about the Deebot is that its motor is pretty quiet, with a tone that's sort of pleasant.I consider the N79 a good value for the price, and am glad we bought one.,This being the first robitic vacuum my wife and I have purchased, I am going to try to be as objective in this review as possible since I am not sure how it compares to other brands.First off, having a robotic vacuum is great. I'm not sure it entirely replaces a standard vacuum but we will get into that later.Pros:-Don't have to push a vacuum around.-Can run multiple times per week without an investment of your time. Amazingly this thing fills up every time we run it.-Gets under furniture. This is a HUGE one. How often are you able to vacuum the underside of your bed with a standard vacuum?-Runs for a while on a charge. Our house is 3,000 sq ft and there is plenty of power to vacuum 1 floor (2 stories total) per charge.Cons:-Doesn't seem to do a great job pulling cat fur out of the carpet. We have a long haired cat and his fur tends to really embed itself in there.-Has an annoying habit of trying to climb up on things where it gets stuck and starts crying for assistance.-If you have a long haired pet, be prepared to clean the brush after every use.-We have noticed the drop sensors are fooled by shadows and so will avoid crossing lines of bright sunlight coming through the window or sometimes into the shadow underneath furniture of the room is bright.-Still need a regular vacuum for the stairs.-Wifi feature seems pretty useless.Overall, I think this is a worthwhile investment to at least see if a robo vac is right for you, and I would recommend giving it a try at this point.,I personally have a Roomba. My bought my mother this because she mostly has hardwood floors with low rugs. Here are the pro/cons/comparison between the two.Notes on both.-Neither will remember the path it took and the Roomba rarely finds its way back to the dock (Unless it is having a lazy day and only cleans for about 5 minutes) Both have to be fairly close to the sock to sense it.-Both need to be watched when running. Shoe laces, edges of carpet, and underwear you didn't realize had gotten shoved under the bed. The bots will find them all and said items will become tangled into the brushes of the bots. The little bots will try their best to keep on cleaning and will only give up when the item is so in twine and twisted up into it that it takes some disassemble to get it out. Watch your bots.-Both do a great job of cleaning the respective floor types they were made to clean. Roomba for carpets and Deebot for hard floors.-Both have small trays so if your floors are really dirty you will need to empty them early and often.-You will need to keep the brushes clean on both.-Warning, these bots are addictive. Once you have a robot clean your house for you that’s it. You will never want to pick up a regular vacuum cleaner ever again.Deebot N79Pros-Quiet, so quiet in comparison to the Roomba-Shorter in height so it actually goes under most furniture.-It senses where furniture is better. The Roomba will bang into every thing it comes across. This -Robot senses and avoid about half of my mother's  furniture and the furniture it does run into it doesn't do it as roughly as Roomba does.-Great for hardwood floors and low carpet-Did I mention quiet?-Price. Gosh at the price difference.-The power switch. This little sneaky guy tripped me up at first because the Roomba doesn't have one. It's a switch you can use to just turn your bot off. This is actually a useful feature because if you go on vacation you don't have to worry about unscheduling the bot's cleaning schedule. Just flip the switch off.Cons-It doesn't have dirt spotter. Roomba will clean the mess out of a spot if it thinks its dirty. This robot won't so if you need a spot that needs extra vacuuming you'll have to turn on the spot cleaning (where it'll just circle around in one spot) or just guide the bot yourself.-It is not great for high carpets. On my mom's shaggy carpet it got stuck on it every time it tried to clean it.-It doesn’t have a handle. It’s lighter than the Roomba so it isn’t as big as a problem but a handle would make it easier to… well… handle.-Only have one button on the bot so you are heavily reliant on the remote to control the bot.-There is this whole code system you need to know in order to know what is wrong with the bot.iRobot Roomba 770 Vacuum Cleaning Robot for Pets and AllergiesPros-Handle for its heavy self.-Dirt spotter. It will clean the mess out of a spot that is dirty which is great for me because we track in sand.-Great for carpets. Okay for hard flooring.-It picks up all of my sheddy dogs fur which is a big plus.-It has buttons on the robot itself which makes it easier than trying to find a remote to instruct the bot.-When something goes wrong there is a specific light for it. You don’t have to know the morse code of the robots to figure it out.Cons-It is taller so it gets stuck or will not go under lower furniture.-LOUD!-It rams furniture with a passion.So to summarize, if you have a mostly carpeted house the Deebot will not work for you. If you have a mostly hardfloor house than save your money and get this Deebot.,After 3 years of a Neato the dust bin would not stay in the unit causing it to constantly shut down. Tried to fix it several different ways and decided to give this a try, not knowing what to expect. First off, compared to the Neato it is very quiet. In fact running it any time of day or night does not bother me or anyone else in the house. We have a dog and a cat and that is the main reason we decided on an automatic vacuum. This picks up every bit as well as the Neato.Now for a couple of little things that are not as good as the Neato. One thing is it will not vacuum in straight lines like the Neato. It just kind of randomly bumps around, but it gets the job done as well. I have also noticed that it will not go up rather low thresholds.Now for the things I do not like about it at all compared to the Neato. First, the “scheduling” is completely useless, or I just cannot figure it out. But I’ve set it to start on the remote at say 8am and it never starts. I miss the programming of the Neato to start on certain days/times. The other huge issue is the lack of boundaries. With the Neato a magnetic strip confines the area you want, or don’t want it to go...say around dog water bowl or feeding area. With this it goes where it wants, no stopping it.Overall it works as it should. For the price you are just missing features of the more expensive models. I figured I could just buy 3 for the price of another Neato.,I wish I could give this more than five stars. I simply love this little thing. My son bought it for me for Christmas--it was one of those things that I thought would be cool to have, but didn't want to drop almost $200 on ANOTHER vacuum cleaner, but really, who wants a VACUUM CLEANER for Christmas? Well, me because there are things I'd rather be doing than vacuuming, ya' know?I have four cats (no judgement!) and two of them are long haired and there are cat fur tumbleweeds all over the living room where they want to hang out. It's also where I hang out most of the time, so I guess I'm just a really cool cat person. Anyway, back to the tumbleweeds of fur... As any cat owner (or I would imagine, dog owner) knows, these tumbleweeds can be all over the place. I mean, why are my cats not bald with as much fur is all over the house? I digress. I would typically vacuum at least 2-3 times per week with the regular vac because CAT FUR TUMBLEWEEDS! With this little Deebot, I simply hit the button and by golly, it chases down all those tumbleweeds.I have hardwood floors which are beautiful, but they don't do a lot to keep cat fur in place to be vacuumed, and this gets along the edges of the woodwork. And under the chairs and footstool and tables--how does cat fur get under there???--is no problem for the Deebot. Under it goes and sucks up anything in it's path. I also have rugs on my floors--the one in the living room is a thicker pile, and the Deebot doesn't have any problems adjusting from hardwood, to thick pile carpeting, or going over the threshold in between the kitchen and living room.I'm so in love with this vacuum cleaner that when my kids came for Thanksgiving and they got a gander at my own personal robot doing HOUSEWORK and chasing cat fur tumbleweeds, they promptly each ordered ones for their house. Hey, maybe I'm starting a trend. Maybe I could get a kickback on referring everyone to buy their own Deebot! Wouldn't that be awesome? (Unfortunately, my life doesn't work that way, but it's cool to dream.)Oh, the bonus to all of this fur tumbleweed chasing? I don't have to do it! I push the button and walk away and let it do it's thing. I mean, I have more important things to do than to vacuum...like watch cat videos...,I’m really surprised by how clean my floors look after I run this for a while. The N79 is my first robot vacuum and so far it’s been a worthwhile purchase. It was either this or the Eufy robovac of a similar price (I’m too lazy to go look it up) but due to a few feature differences, I went with the ECOVACS.My need for a robovac is mostly to keep the floor tidy so I don’t have to pull out the upright vacuum all the time. My house is small, I have laminate floors and two indoor cats who don’t shed much. Mostly small debris and a bit of pet hair that accumulate over time are the things this takes care of, and for that it does a good job. It’s quiet, it seems to be made of decent material and with the proper care I think it will last me a long time. The app is okay and the wifi connectivity is definitely a plus. Wifi is the one thing that lacked in the comparable Eufy model.The feature that I wish the N79 had and that I wished I had considered before I bought this is room mapping and barrier control. The higher end Roomba models have these features and they are things I really want. The N79 operates by bouncing off things and driving itself around the room. If left to its routine it will do a nice job of cleaning an entire room and picking up a lot of stuff. Unfortunately I have to set up physical barriers if I want it to stay in a single room or trap it in my bedroom behind a closed door. The whole reason I decided to get a robot vacuum was to be able to get on my phone and command it to work, but this model is a bit more... interactive. If this feature isn’t a dealbreaker then by all means, get the N79! It will make your cleaning routine a whole lot easier.,I have had this bot for 2 months now and still like it a lot. We have hardwood floors and area rugs. It does a really good job on the wood floors and an okay job on the rugs.  We have 3 long haired cats and 2 German Shepherd dogs who live in the house, so pet hair is a challenge.  On the wood floors, it does great, on the rugs I would say it is good for day to day, but no substitute for a regular vacuum with better suction. It is better than the Neato we had, that would work for 6-12 months and then die with stuck wheels errors; we went through 4 Neato's using the warranty. This bot is very easy to clean the pet hair off of the brush, and they provide a tool to help you. Features we love:  1) Good for daily cleaning, 2) very quiet, 3) easy to remove pet hair from the brush, 4) the remote control and the app work great for locating and for learning if the brush is jammed---its usually a sock, 5) it slows down and avoids running into pets, so they are not afraid of it, 6) cleans under the beds and makes it back out, 7) Pretty long run times and cleans the main areas and master bed/bath in one charge, and then the other 3 bedrooms in a second charge--sometimes it gets it all in one, depends on how long it stays in the kitchen and has to avoid pets, 8) filters work well and are easy to clean, 9) bin holds more than you would expect, 10) extra edge brushes, and 11) the price is great and I think it works better than the more expensive options out there. Negatives: 1) wish it would get the corners during the auto cycle rather than having to a separate edge cycle, 2) sometimes re-vacuums a room it was already in, however, I can use the remote or the app to redirect it out of the room and 3) wish they could update the bot to be Alexa compatible.,I have a bad back and use a rolling walker. While I have a great full-size vacuum cleaner, it requires me to do a lot of standing to run it. So I decided to try a Deebot N79 to see if it could reduce the number of times I actually have to dig out the regular vacuum or hire help. I am pleased to say the Deebot works surprisingly well in my somewhat cluttered home.  You need to think of it as more of an automatic sweeper that 'vacuums' up the surface debris, not a full blown high volume suction vacuum. This unit does a great job getting woodsy debris and loose dirt off the hard surfaces, and does surprisingly well on my high/low carpet areas. It has had no trouble transitioning from hard to soft surfaces.That being said, the robot will hang up on lightweight throw rug corners, or really high thresholds. It does not like furniture with pipe metal bases (it high centers). It does gather up cat hair very well, but my own long hair wraps around the roller. It navigates a room in a random pattern. It can do edges of the rooms. It occasionally gets itself stuck and will beep or shut itself off. It takes about 4 hours to recharge. It does 'open areas' not narrow spaces. I like that it has a remote for the robot as I don't have a suitable smart phone.I prefer to run the unit when I am home. I find it simplest to take up the loose lightweight throw rugs (for shaking). If I want it to do a specific room I block the hall of close a door. I also block off areas in a room where I find it gets stuck.  I dump the collection bin after every use and some canned air to clean the screens. The unit is surprisingly quiet. While this sounds like detailed effort to run a robot, this is significantly less physical effort than setting up my full-size vacuum.As many others have commented, my house is cleaner  overall by using this robot unit regularly, making me a happy customer. Over time I imagine robot vacuums will get better and better. Meanwhile, this little robot vac is fulfilling my cleaning tasks quietly and efficiently and at a much lower cost than I had anticipated. (I cannot think that the units 3x the price are that much better). I think Deedot n79 is a good investment for anyone with strength or mobility issues who likes to have a tidy house. Anyone with an outdoor loving husband or hairy pets is going to love this unit's effectiveness. It's a very reasonable price point and does the job well. I highly recommend it, and would purchase it again.,Just got it a few days ago - not working properly. It doesn't return to base when it should (either when pressing home button on remote or when battery is low). Scheduling also does not work at all. Hoping it's just a buggy unit - contacted seller for replacement. Hopefully, they'll send my shipping label today. I will say that it cleans great! Picked up quite a bit of cat fur even after I'd vacuumed only a few days ago.Update - got a replacement unit after company helped me with trouble shooting. Was worried that the new one wasn't working on schedule either, until the company helped me to realize that I had not set the clock on the new unit. Once I did that, the new unit is working great.  Glad I took the time to work with them and worked through this.,I almost never take the time to review a product, but I can confidently say this is one of the best purchases we have made.  The biggest compliment is that in the time since we received our N79 about 6 weeks ago, we have run our old standard vacuum exactly once.  And my wife would have typically swept about 3 times a week.  Now the N79 is scheduled to sweep 5 days a week, and we usually have it run at least one more time.  Seems like a lot, I know, but it always finds something to clean up and his dirt bin always has something in it.  And we only have 3 in our family, smaller home, no pets.  The N79 has been a real time saver for us.  We like it so much that my wife convinced her parents to order one, which just arrived today actually, and so far they seem to be as enamored with it as we are.The only downside is that it does occasionally get stuck and needs rescuing, oddly enough on our HVAC floor vents of all things (and the Christmas tree skirt-no longer a problem).  He has never had one problem with transitioning on any carpet, low or hi-pile or on/off hard floor, all of which we have in our single story home.,We've had this little guy for a couple weeks now and it does a fantastic job! It's such a luxury to walk into the house after work and have no bird feathers or cat hair from our pets to deal with. It gets all around the legs of my dining set (honestly probably better than I do most days!), under the cabinet toekicks, and under the furniture. Our house is almost all hardwood and I haven't used my big vacuum on any of that since getting the Deebot. It does an adequate job on my area rug, which is probably testing the pile height limitation of the Deebot. I run my big vacuum on the rug about twice a week to give it a deeper clean. We have three cats that have about half white fur and a mainly black wool area rug, so I can see exactly how clean the Deebot gets it. I'd give it a B- for my area rug and an A on the hardwood, which is pretty impressive. I've wanted a robot vac for a very long time but could never justify the price. When I saw it as a lighting deal for $149 I couldn't pass it up and I'm so glad I didn't!The only thing that hung it up was coming out from under the couch even though it could get under it just fine. Adding thick felt pads to the legs of the couch gave it the clearance it needed and fixed that situation completely. Since our couch doesn't have a skirt at the bottom I put the base under there which keeps it completely out of sight except when in use. Little Dee, as we call it, finds his home under there just fine every time!Emptying it is a breeze and I do it every few days. It holds more than I expected it to. The receptacle opens up completely so I just empty it in the trash and give it a couple taps on the side of the can to knock the dust off the filter. It takes 10 seconds tops.The app is simple and works great. The first couple days I had it I got a kick out of checking in on the little guy. ;) It's nice that I can start a cleaning session from anywhere although I have only relied on the schedule feature so far.,I bought my DeeBot (We call it DB) after a harrowing experience with a Riomba which nearly caused me to have a brief mental breakdown. This all started just before this past Thanksgiving when my husband realized....."we" had not purchased my supposed Christmas present from 2016. He realized this problem when asking me what I would like for Christmas 2017. Where I replied the Roomba promised from Christmas 2016 would be nice. Then somehow it evolved that "we" forgot to get my Christmas present from last year. Yes, it's tedious .... but it's the way it happened. Needless to say the Roomba arrived just 4 days before Thanksgiving.....and I was already beginning to stress about all the work that faced me within the next week. The Roomba we originally purchased was expensive. After I survived the Thanksgiving week and returned the Roomba....i decided to do a bit of research to see what other products were available under the robot vacuum genre. This is where I discovered the DB. It had nearly 5 stars....was 1/3 the cost and the company had been building robot vacuums for a long time. Unlike Roomba, they don't put a lot of money into marketing their product....which is a shame. I received DB the first week of December 2017. I've now had it nearly a month. (I don't like to leave reviews until I have experienced the product for awhile.) What I like about DB is that it is quiet.....so I can easily program it to run the night before if I have guests early the next day. It does maneuver itself very well in tight spaces and it tries to figure out how to get itself out of tight spaces. My coffee table sits very low to the floor.  The DB barely fits under it as well as a couple of hallway desks....yet it manages to figure the way back out. I keep an ultra clean home.....but I have two adorable doggies that lightly shed. The DB has surprisingly good suction power....and I'm pleased with the amount of debris it manages to pick up. Now, some reviews have said that their DB has a battery life of 4 hours. Mine has consistently ran a bit over two hours before docking itself up to charge again. (It's the holidays so I've ran it nearly every other day.) While i cannot understand it's pattern variations....in time, it does manage to get to every spot. It did take DB a few days to learn the entire layout of my home.....which is about 3,100 sq.ft.i usually close off the bedrooms and  since DB can't climb stairs it usually vacuums about 1,600 sq. ft. Others have noted in their reviews that the base is a bit light and that their  DB has a hard time docking. My DB docks just fine. In the beginning as it was learning the layout of my home it did run out of battery before docking itself. If the DB runs over cords....it doesn't hurt them. It was also very gentle to fabric as one if my adult daughters left her coat on the floor when she came over. (Even as an adult, the struggle is real,  to get this child to hang up her clothes. She lives in her own house and  I still don't know what the floor looks like in her bedroom for 3 years.) It also ran over a puddle of water from an over watered plant and didnt seem to hurt it.....but did make a gooey mess when i went to empty the bin. I have a few throw rugs and it easily maneuvers over them. The App is easy enough to use.. .. as is the remote control. There are however, a couple of things I don't like. I have a small 5x7 sq. ft. carpet that is cream and red. For some reason it doesn't like to clean this carpet. This is irritating as it is located right under the couch where my husband sits. My husband is not the greatest at getting Christmas presents for me and tends to eat like the  "Cookie Monster"....but he is awesome in nearly every other facet of our lives. I just don't get why DB doesn't like the carpet. It isn't dark enough to make DB think it's a drop off....and it does clean part of the carpet....where the coffee table sits. I have tried to redirect DB where I want it to clean and yet....it won't.... so that is annoying. My home is mostly tile....except bedrooms and our game room/second living room. In those rooms I have a Berber low pile shag carpeting. Twice the little wispy brushes, used to get dirt from the edge, has tangled up in the carpet for no apparent reason.  I will need to replace the wispy brushes if it happens again as I had to cut about 1/4 of the wispy brush to untangle it.  Other than those 2 problems....I'm  happy with the DB overall. I do want to end this review with a bit of advice. The DB doesn't completely replace your vacuum.  (as my dear friend discovered after using a robot vacuum for a couple of months.) For deep down cleaning.....I recommend using your vacuum once a week with pets and maybe once every two weeks without pets.....if you're using DB on a regular basis. Hey, thanks for reading! Have a blessed day!(This is for folks who want to know.....what happened with my present for Christmas 2017. I had asked for a very frilly Victorian inspired robe I found in a really nifty catalogue. I gave my husband the information a few weeks before Christmas.....which actually was the catalyst for the purchase of DB a month ago. Christmas eve....I did ask my husband if he had remembered to order the awesome robe I wanted. Sheepishly he smiled and said "no". I grabbed the catalogue....sat him down and asked politely that he order it explaining that it's kind of a drag to wait 11 months for a Christmas present. He did order it. It's due to arrive next week.  Still, he is one awesome guy and he does spoil me a thousand other ways!!),We found vacuuming our new house to be a big job. My wife read somewhere you should vacuum as many times weekly as you have people in the house. There's two of us, and vacuuming a 3,000 sq ft house twice a week is time-consuming. So we decided to buy our first vacuum robot.In researching robots, we found you can spend from over $100 to nearly $1000 depending on the brand and features. We eventually chose the Deebot N79 because of its price and because reviewers said it was ideal for luxury vinyl planks, tile and low-pile carpet.The robot is easy to set up and run. We love our Debate N79 so much we named it Doby (after a Harry Potter House Elf character). The instructions are easy to follow. So we just set up Doby and let him go to work. You can even control him from your phone if you have Wifi and download a free app.Doby does a great job, but he does not work like a human. Don't expect him to systematically start in one room, and then move to the next room, and successively clean each and every room before quitting. I'm not sure Doby has the same idea of a "room" that a person has. In "auto" mode, for example, he will often go back and forth between rooms.  He seems to try to follow some preconceived route until he encounters a situation he recognizes, such as a corner or furniture legs or a wall. Then he goes to work with great tenacity on the situation. Compared to a human, Doby is not very efficient because he sometimes revisits areas he has already vacuumed.  But Doby still does a great overall job in the end.Doby navigates over room thresholds without problem. He traverses from vinyl to throw rugs without problem.  Low pile carpet or rugs do not slow him down. We have one large throw rug with long pile, which causes him to labor (he goes slowly). The instructions say to fold over rug edges that have tassels, but we found (in our case) that doing so is unnecessary. It's fun to watch him go under beds and couches.Doby works until he gets tired, then he goes back to his charging station and takes a long nap. While he naps we empty his collection bin. We are almost always surprised at how much lint and dirt Doby has found. We set up barriers to help Dob avoid stairs and to get him to focus on different areas of the house.Doby is so easy to use, we have been letting him work proactively. Why wait until things are a real mess? We run him about every other day. Sometimes we start him as we leave the house.We are very happy with this product. At this price point, Doby has greatly exceeded our expectations.,My first vacuum robot.  I have central HVAC and dust is just naturally thing.  I used it on my hardwood floor once a week and it picks up the dust well.  My first floor is hardwood in Sitting/Dining/Family/Foyer area, and tile Kitchen, total about 1000 sq feet.  The Auto mode finds itself to all rooms an clean them.  It finished the job wen docked itself, though I wasn't sure how long it took.  I checked the edges of each room, and they seems to be clean and no dust.  So I guess it works.  One small comment - When the robot is in an area with lots of chair legs (like dining room) and with cabinet, sometime it goes back to the same smaller corner area to clean couple of times (auto mode), but eventually it manages to find itself out of the "looping" cycle and get to other area.  May be the auto mode algorithm needs to be improve a bit on memorizing its own movement.,This little thing is pretty neat, and worth the price (199 @ time of purchase) in my opinion. Relatively inexpensive, it seems to perform quite well on my tiled floors, and easily reaches the corners that often get neglected a bit. I have a shedding dog, and, while it won't get absolutely every dust bunny and clump, it certainly cuts down on the amount of housekeeping my wife and I have to do, particularly in those aforementioned corners. It's also astonishingly quiet with my dishwasher being louder than it is! It's easy to hold a conversation, watch TV, or listen to the radio over the sound that the DEEBOT produces.All that isn't to say that there's not a better product out there, or that this will definitively replace a standard vac or the need for general housekeeping. It helps; however, there's a lot of things beyond its capabilities, particularly on carpets or rugs. For starters, I have low to medium grade carpet in my bedrooms. While the majority of my floors are wood-look tile, the bedrooms are not, and in them, the DEEBOT seems to struggle a bit. It does seem to remove some surface fuzz and dirt; however, it isn't capable of a thorough cleaning like a standard vacuum. Also, I have a dark, short-pile, patterned rug in my living area and, while the DEEBOT can get up onto the rug, it seems to get caught up in the slight transitions where the patterns of my rug change. Also, I have some furniture that the DEEBOT can technically fit under; however, it seems to get confused underneath, and ultimately winds up stuck. Furthermore, if you're going to run it without being home, make sure your shower curtains, bedsheets, or any loose cloth is out of reach! It doesn't know the difference!One kind of negative / positive is when the DEEBOT can't find home. It's not a big enough deal to warrant a negative review, and is actually pretty funny to bet on. Like a drunken roommate, sometimes the little thing can't figure things out, and just ends up dying somewhere random in the house. It's not upsetting, and my wife and I often take bets on where we'll find it. Most of the time, however, it does end up back at it's home.PROS:Definitely reduces pet hair / contaminants, dust, and small debris.Very quiet when compared to standard vacs.My dog does not seem bothered by it, even though the standard vac sends her into a fit.Excellent cornering and household navigation.Great price point.CONS:Not a replacement for a standard vac.Not good for thorough cleaning of carpets.Can get under things it can't escape from.Conclusion:Solid 4 1/2. Doesn't get the full five for getting stuck under certain furniture / on patterned rugs.,Started out great.I loved this thing at first, would start it before taking dog out for a walk. After a few months of use I am constantly getting a drive wheel stuck error on the mobile app. It stops in the middle of the carpet. If i just start it again its fine for the rest of the time, or another 5 minutes. Depends on the day. I tried cleaning it all out. I can't figure out why the error is happening. If this didn't happen it would be perfect for the money.I'd say this is good for about 600-800 square feet personally. Seems to go through rooms over a week of time. Its random so don't expect clean lines or a perfect vacuum each run. Its constant running over the week that will keep the entire floor clean, as the randomness eventually gets all areas.Pros:Goes over my thick area rug no problem.Seems to get under all my furniture great (just had to rearrange some things)Gets room cornersDoes a great job with my dogs hair (short hair dog)Easy to clean out.Easy to start and let it go.Does entire 800sq ft apartmentRunning a few times per week keeps entire floor clean (it may not get every spot for each run since its on random, but eventually through the week it hits all spots)Cons:Biggest Con - recently it started error-ing in the middle of the room. The error code on the phone says drive wheel stuck. Happing more and more with no obvious obstruction... So I"m constantly walking over to push the button to start it again.Gets stuck in front of glass slider for some reason.Only has ever docked itself 2 times in last few monthsIf I had stairs that might be an issue I think (I only have 1 level apartment),I don't know whether the behavior of my vacuum is standard for this brand or if it's defective. If it's defective, I've dithered over this question too long and a, out of the thirty day return period.What good: I own two long-haired German shepherds and five robovacs. My house needs a lot of vacuuming. The Ecovacs is the quietest of the five. I hardly know it's running if I'm not looking at it. It has a long battery life and does a reasonable job of covering the house. As one person commented about a different brand, if it were a housekeeper, I'd fire it but as an interim measure to keep the floors from turning into rugs, it's okay.The bad: Its worst feature is its charging dock. There is no way to be certain of positioning the vacuum correctly as the prongs that must engage with the vac are totally hidden and nothing "clicks" into place and (on mine anyway) no light tells you the vac is charging. Half the time I try to use it, I can't because it hasn't charged.The ugly: The vac, probably because it's priced cheaply, has no error message to guide you, not even a light to let you know the bin is full. It also gets stuck readily under low furniture and I find I have to free it about five times while it is running.,Let me start by saying I did an extensive amount of research when I was ready to purchase a robotic vacuum. I wasn't ready to pay for the Roomba, but I wanted my money's worth. Out of countless reviews read, questions answered, and models compared, I chose Ecovacs Deebot N79 and maaaannnn I'm not looking back! This little guy is absolutely amazing. I have four small dogs and two large cats, all inside the house. The first time I used this robot I was speechless at the amount of hair it picked up in only 20 minutes. I ran it twice that day and everyone that came inside noticed such a big difference. I have low pile carpet in a good size living room, hallway, and two bedrooms as well as wood floor in a good size dining room and the third bedroom, and I also have tile in the kitchen and both bathrooms. I can say without a doubt, that Deebot cleans all these surfaces with ease. The setup is so simple, the app works great on my phone, and the remote is easy to use as well. I have it scheduled to run everyday and on my days off I run it twice. It cleans nonstop for about two hours and only takes three hours to charge. (Although the first charge requires four hours) On a busy day where old furniture was being moved out and new furniture being brought in, it got so dirty on the carpet I ran Deebot three times and she never faltered. I have never had a robotic vacuum before, but I have been so impressed with this robot every penny spent was worth it!,I really like this robot.  It does a nice job of cleaning the carpets and hard floors and it’s fun to use.  I find that it can clean a room or two before the battery goes out and then it takes about 4 hours to charge it back up.  So, you’re not going to clean the whole house with it in one day.  I found that we have to do a lot of “baby-proofing” of the rooms in order to get the robot to work properly.  And even with the baby-proofing, it still gets stuck in corners, on heating vents, and often it will get entangled with wires/charging cables.  It’s not the kind of thing you normally can have clean completely unsupervised; I still have to rescue mine a few times every time I use it.  But, the cleaning job it does is impressive and I believe it does a better job than our regular vacuum cleaners.  The dust bin is kind of small and I often have to empty it before the robot is done cleaning a room.  The cleaning pattern is rather erratic and nonsensical, but if you let it go it will eventually get to most, if not all, of the room.  It’s wonderful for cleaning under couches and beds, although we did have to raise one of the couches about 1/2 an inch so the robot could properly get under it.  I would love to see a system that allows the user to swap out batteries when one batttery is depleted.  That way, when the battery runs out you would just snap on a new one, charge the old one, and keep going.  I do this with my DeWalt power tools and it really is nifty.  I also got the 3-year warranty and I suspect that, this time, I may actually end up using the warranty since we use the robot about every other day.  Definitely not a purchase that I regret making.,This little bot vac is super affordable but works as well as my mom's $800 brand-name bot vac, & comes with features that hers doesn't have.It was super easy to set up.  Just pop on the brushes, plug the charger into the outlet, charge for 4 hours & it's ready to go!  It works great on my hardwood floors and the few area rugs I have, all of which are very low pile & have finished edges.  The instruction manual says not to use on rugs with fringe or tassels.  It also works in the rooms with wall-to-wall carpeting, but I don't generally don't use it in there because that's not why we bought it.There is a remote that allows you to whole-house clean, spot clean, room clean and edge clean.  There are probably way more features that I don't know about, since I didn't read the manual.  :DBecause it has a roller AND two brushes it does a great job of getting the floors really clean, including just the every day dust that settles.  The dirt trap & filter are very easy to clean...just pop it out, open up the dirt container, & I use the hose of my regular vacuum to suck out all the junk & get all the dust off the filter.  There is no dismantling & reassembling of the filtering system, like my mom's vac.The vac came with 2 extra brushes, an extra set of filters, and batteries for the remote.  There was a set of "quick start" instructions, as well as a full instruction booklet.  They also included a 25% off Amazon coupon for any additional future parts that may be needed!As with all bot vacs, you do need to be sure things are picked up off the floor that can hang up the vac, such as cords, clothing, blankets, etc..., and it will wander off if you leave doors open.,I love this thing!!! I’ve had a Neato and a Braava in the past. Here’s what I LOVE about the Deebot. He’s quiet, he doesn’t map, he’s gentle, he doesn’t need me to prep the house before he runs, he doesn’t get stuck, he’s programmable (with app or remote), set-up was easy, does the whole house at one time, and most of all he gets the floors super clean! The Neato was very loud, I had to actually put the dining room chairs on the table before he ran, and his mapping feature would go haywire if you moved things or stood in his way too much. The Braava was silent and would mop too, but I had to move it all around from room to room and put up blocks to keep him on track, not to mention having to wash the reusable swifter-type cloths.The Deebot, aka, Charlie, is so easy to use. There is absolutely no prep that I do for him. Of course I don’t have a lot of wires laying on the floor, but I just start him up and off he goes. He doesn’t disturb the pets water bowls (a fountain and a large Pyrex bowl), he quietly travels through our whole house (750 sq ft), and gets everything clean. I could see where he could easily clean a house twice the size of mine. Because he just works until his battery is low he just keeps going over the same areas in our small house. We have a tall threshold between rooms that he navigates easily. He fits under all my furniture. He usually avoids objects but gently bumps into things that are black. For example he doesn’t push the cat scratchers all over God’s green earth like the other two robots I’ve had. He senses them, cleans right up to them with his little brushes and leaves them where they are. He does gently bump into a black stand floor lamp and black table legs. He’s quiet and gentle enough none of the animals are afraid of him. I hooked him up to WiFi in one minute with no issues. I program him to come on right before I wake up. I did have issue the first night because the electricity went out and he came alive while we were sleeping and gave us quite a scare. I did remember reading about that in a review.I have 2 dogs and 2 cats and had a blanket of fur on the floor all the time. I work full time and I just couldn’t keep up. I run Charlie when I wake up and then again in the evening. While it may seem like overkill, he fills the bin both times (no wonder there was always a blanket of fur on the floor!) He cleans now as I drink my morning coffee. He’s unobtrusive because when I’m up and about he is able to stay out of my way without harming some delicate navigational system. He quietly putters around with no issues. I actually feel like I might not have to vacuum by hand again, because he does such a good job. I may just move the things he can’t fit under once or twice a month so he can clean that part of the floor and be done with it!I also think this robot is a great price point. It is a great bargain. I’ve had him a week, running him twice a day with no issues. I do have all hard flooring. I’m not sure how he would do on carpet. I do have a thin carpet entry rug that he gets clean, but I don’t think he has a tremendous amount of suction. He runs for 100 minutes going over and over areas in a very cute and random way. Then finds his charger every time.I really can’t think of anything bad to say about this guy. He exceeded my expectations. I just wish I hadn’t been in such a hurry to get him. Five days after I got him he went on sale for Black Friday. Oh, well...I knew that might happen. Even full price he’s a great deal. Don’t wait, get yours today!,*** I was NOT given a discount for my review, I'm just one REAL happy momma lovin' her birthday gift!Stay-at-Home Twin-Mom with NO TIME to stop and make reviews, but this girl had my jaw dropped as I obsessively watched her clean my kitchen, livingroom & diningroom!I call her Consuela. I was seriously surprised by what she was capable of picking up. I have to hide the charging station in my room cause of the kids, but with a little guidance she eventually found her way home.Also didn't expect to find a handy little cleaning tool was included, it has a blade (like a letter opener) to cut out hairs or string that get tangled in the bristles! The brush side of the tool helped remove fine dust from the filter to help it last longer.I've wanted to get a robot vacuum for such a long time and the Roomba was never quite affordable for us, even when it was on sale.I was skeptical about buying this one cause we got it on Black Friday for $150 and we never heard of the brand. I really hope she lasts us a LONG time cause I'm seriously in love with her!- 1-year warranty.- Cleaning tool included- Extra pair of spinning brushes- One Extra filter- Takes itself to charger**No discount for my review**,I purchased this for $150 on Black Friday. I have a pet series Roomba from 2015. It's still kicking after daily use by an in home pet sitter to this day. I was sold on ECOVACS because of the price and promise of peace and quiet while it does it's thing. It is quiet. That's the first thing I noticed. The second thing was how "dumb" and random it's cleaning pattern is. The Roomba really does learn about your home and adapts which matters when you have a large open living area. BONUS - somehow the Roomba walls work with this vacuum ... it spends a lot of time testing the walls but doesn't breach them.ECOVACS would go over my thick pile area rug. Roomba did not and I was okay with that. I have always been more concerned about the hardwoods with three boys and an endless rotation of furry ones.ECOVACS gets stuck on things it shouldn't ... edges of rugs, under benches and chairs the Roomba is smart enough to get out of.Eventually, it started getting stuck on nothing. It would run a minute then beep. Defective? Maybe. At just shy of 30 days I decided to return it. Roomba is back and noisy as ever! I'm not ready to drop a few hundred on a newer version just yet. I now totally appreciate the Roomba's ability to learn and durability!Last thing I notice, the longer bristles on ECOVACS side brushes tangle easily and doesn't get in corners the way my Roomba does.My dogs hate Roomba and ECOVACS equally!😜,I never knew I could love a house hold item as much as I love this thing! We have a house that is a about 50% hardwood with assorted kinds of rugs and 50% carpet,  some low pile and higher pile. We also have a black lab who sheds so much I could nearly build another dog every day from the fur I sweep up daily. I could have a full time job just vacuuming my house all day. Eventually, I couldn’t keep up with it anymore and saw these guys advertised on Black Friday. Unfortunately, they sold out and I was unable to get this model and I settled for the model below this one, the Deebot n78. I was pretty disappointed with it because it really didn’t touch anything on the carpets and still left hair on my hardwoods. Then, this model went on sale again and I snagged it up. OH MY GOSH this thing is amazing. It goes from my hardwood, to rug, to high pile carpet with ease and leaves my floors clean and spotless. It does an exceptional job picking up all sorts of debree as well as the hair and tons of fine dust. It is fascinating to check the collection bin to see how much it has picked up, even after you used real vacuum. It is fairly quiet while running and has a great sensor for furniture and obstacles. The remote works wonderfully and the app is awesome. I would highly recommend this vacuum especially if you have animals and kids in your house!,Update5/6/2018:  Customer service reached out to me after this post and sent me the upgraded N79S.  I’m a happy camper once again.  The newer version is much better at avoiding things like chair legs, but still pushes around soft things like dog beds.  However, it has yet to push my shoes under the bed!  I upped my score to 4 instead of 5 due to the return hassle.Dang, I am truly disappointed: this kept my wood flooring clean of debris and cat/dog hair/dander for a wonderful six weeks, then it failed.I am well versed in troubleshooting and followed all recommendations on clearing jambs, cleaning optics, clearing the brush of obstructions, ensuring the unit was well charged and wired connections were secure.These are the errors I receive:2 beeps indicating debris in the bumper, exercising the bumper proves no debris exist - but there is no user acceptable method to clean the bumper.then 4 beeps claiming battery is undercharged, after 24 hours?Nope, either the battery, the bumper or the charger has failed.I am currently trying to send it back for a refund.  Hopefully the N79S is more reliable.  If not, I'll be paying the big money for a Roomba.,I live in a tiny apartment with a few carpets. I have wanted a robo vac for a long time. I could not find one locally in Kenya so I bought a Bosch cordless vacuum but it did not have adequate suction strength. I had been brushing the carpets at home and getting them professionally washed once every few months. This time around, I took the risk of buying a robo vac and mailing it to an Aunt who was coming to Kenya. I wanted an Alexa-compatible robo vac but this one had more believable reviews. I particularly love the first review on the list! I will not be able to return it if I wasn't happy. GLORY HALELUYAH - this little machine that I affectionately call Bo-Bo, is amazing! I love this vacuum so much that my partner might punch it in the face one of these days. The little guy looks like he is a bit drunk criss-crossing the room in random directions but if you watch him long enough, you will realize that there is a method to his madness because he touches every spot in the room, picking up everything and finally completes the job by going round all the edges in the room. He is a delight to watch.  He now knows where the major obstacles are and turns away one millimetre before touching them. He is also quite courageous and fits through winding spaces and climbing up and down 2 inch steps. When he got stuck one time, in the bathroom having dragged a very fluffy rug and locked himself in a corner, he cried for help with a cute sound. I will stop now because I will start sounding weird.,I was one of those folks that never thought I'd need/want one of these robo-vacs. Then again, back in the day, I never thought I'd need a pager, then a computer, then a cell phone, (like Negasonic Teenage Warhead said to a certain merc with a mouth; "{expletive}, you're old..") etc, until I did. Got one on BF for 149.00, and yeah, I love it.Does a heckova job with the daily upkeep with the cats and their tumbleweed fur. Even after I do the "big vacuuming", Deebot here picks up a storage bin full.WiFi is a big plus with the free app you can download, but the included remote does the functions as well. You can add other Deebots and rename them with the app as well. I renamed mine Kraken so I can (c'mon, say it with me..) "Release the Kraken". I also added a pair of googly eyes for some personality.All in all, highly recommended; good battery life, ease of use, good lil' 'bot.,UPDATE 2/1/2018: The problem detailed below ended up being fatal, but customer service took it back and sent me a new one with no hassle at all.Summary: The Deebot n79 picks up all the dirt and hair without my having to push a heavy vacuum and is so easy to clean! It gets stuck more than I like (that’s why four stars instead of 5) and isn’t all that smart (you get what you pay for there), but is backed up by stellar customer service. Great product that works really well, even though I live in a small apartment that’s mostly carpet. Highly recommend!In-depth review: I’ve had my little Deebot for probably about six months now, and it’s great.  I live in a small apartment that is mostly carpet and it handles both carpet and floor perfectly, without my having to push a giant vacuum around.  It even gets under the couch! My favorite part is probably how all of the individual parts are really easily removable for cleaning and that it comes with its own tools for getting all the hair out of the brush.A con: it does get snagged on things more than I’d like (eg. loose wires, the short step up to my fireplace, bath mats), and the noise it makes to ask for help is really loud, so I’m not able to schedule it to run at night or otherwise without supervision.Another semi-con: It doesn’t seem to take a nap of the apartment so I can tell it where not to go. Only a semi-con because that means ECOVACS can’t be selling that map for profit, so that’s something.But new overall positive thing: today it stopped mid-run and started beeping at me. I tried moving it with no luck. The app said the problem was a malfunctioning side brush, so I took those out and cleaned them with no luck. So I called customer service. They didn’t pick up right away but I left a voicemail and they were back to me within a half hour! Things I learned from this call: (1) the app was full of it and I actually needed to clean out the main brush (even though it had been much messier in the past). (2) So the manual has a troubleshooting section that diagnoses by how many beeps the machine makes. For me it went BeepBeepBeepBeep 5 or 6 times, so I didn’t know what that meant. Turns out the number in the manual refers to each group of short beeps, not the number of times each group beeps. (3) The rep understood my problem and walked me through diagnosis and a fix within 10 minutes. Fantastic! I already recommended this to everyone who asked, but this really sealed the deal.,I love this vacuum. I am pretty sure all parents of young kids/toddlers need this in their life!! It also makes me enjoy my dark hardwood floors again instead of despising them because it really does a great job keeping them clean and my 3 year old loves when "Deebot" gets to eat his breakfast or dinner (depending on the time we run him). :)  I honestly never thought I would appreciate having dark hardwoods again but this really, really, really helps keep them very clean which again is an amazing feat having 2 young kids. I listed out pros and cons below. Overall, yes, I would definitely purchase again. Sure there are some things I wish it had...mainly auto mapping to make it more efficient and for the brush to be better at self cleaning but for the price I think this is a very good value compared to a much more expensive Roomba.Pro's1. Runs very quietly for a vacuum...read some reviews that said its much quitter than a Roomba2. Picks up almost everything while running in auto (random pattern)3. Canister is easy and quick to remove and dump4. picks up most things (vs just pushing around)5. runs for at least an hour before needing to charge6. allows me to do lots of other things while it goes to work and does a pretty thorough job!7. My son loves this thing!8. Great customer service from Ecovacs. I received a welcome email with contact info within 24 hours of my order!!9. Direction can be controlled with remote so even though there is no virtual wall you can simply push a button on the remote to send him away from an area (like our Christmas tree) or towards an area that needs extra attention like under our table.10. Spot cleaning and edge cleaning work great!11. Almost always can easily find its docking station (read some reviews that said that it had a hard time). Maybe it depends if there are obstructions in the way. Mine is docked without anything really in it's way and it has found it quickly each time.Con's1. side sweeper brushes are already getting a little distorted after a few uses. Still work just fine but I can see needing to replace sooner than I thought.2. roller brush clogs with hair fairly easily even though I thought it was self cleaning3. there are no stayout zones/walls that come with this like Roomba4. No auto-mapping feature so it will go over same area multiple times before getting to another area but all in all manages to get just about everywhere if left to run long enough (it just could be more efficient and done quicker if it auto mapped).5. Sometimes misses edge/corners of my floors under cabinets unless put on edge mode, I have owned $600 neato vacs and $800 iRobot vacs. This Deebot is better than all of them, at a fraction of the cost. It has all the features I could want (except it’s not compatible with Alexa, yet,) but I can still control it from my phone, if I wish. Therefore, I can be at work, open the app and tell the vac to start cleaning.It has an ample-sized dirt bin, probably 3 Times the size of my neato bot. I have also compared them simultaneously, and the deebot just picks up more stuff. It runs quieter and also moves faster, so it finishes the job quicker.What would I improve?1. Alexa compatability2. I have not seen this on any vac yet, but someone should make an adjustable clearance device on top of the bumper. That way, if you have a couch that just happens to be the perfect height to allow the vac to go under and get stuck, you can raise the bumper enough to where it won’t allow it to go under said object. I had to glue a smal piece of plastic onto my bumper to keep Deebot out from under my couch.Do not hesitate to purchase this bot, while I cannot speak for longevity yet, even if this one breaks, I can buy two more and still spend less than buying one of the more known brands. I purchased this vac on sale for $149, which was an amazing deal, but I’d spend 4x that if I had to (knowing what I know now.),This review will be comparing this vacuum to my old roomba 650, which recently gave up and died after a few years. I didn't want to get another roomba because of the price, especially if they only last a few years. This was close to half the price with a $30 coupon on amazon. The reviews on this vacuum sounded great. It is sooo quiet, I couldn't believe it. My roomba was very loud, you couldn't even watch tv or run it at night. This thing just makes a light noise and you can do all those things. It is smaller than a roomba, but does as good of a job picking stuff up, there's just a smaller waste bin. I love how they sent extra parts with it such as extra spinny brushes, filter, and batteries for the remote - all those equivalent parts would probably be $75 for roomba if purchased on their website. The remote is something my roomba didn't have. The first couple of runs it didn't make it back to its charger, but I'm guessing it was just still figuring out the layout of the house and on the third run it did make it back. One important thing about robotic vacuums is they are not as strong as a regular vacuum on carpet, but just as good on hardwood/tile. They are ideal for daily maintenance and if you have pets (we have a golden retriever) you really need to run a regular vacuum once a week. But with two kids, a dog, and working full time it is so nice to have one less thing to do every day and this vacuum helps alleviate that little bit of stress.,It's worked well so far, we've had it for 4 months and it's been incredibly helpful in keeping our house clean, especially because we have two cats. It is not awfully noisy and it's pretty smart about not falling down the steps (I've never had to put any barriers to keep it from falling).It does have three cons overall:1. Unlike the Roomba, it does not come with towers to keep the vacuum from entering certain areas, you have to make physical barriers if you want to avoid certain areas.2. The battery lasts about 1.5 hours, which is enough if you have a small room to clean but not much if you have a large open floor, especially since the vaccuum will spend most of its time swinging around in the same area (which is no different from a Roomba. I've used used a Roomba several times and it will roam around the same area for the whole battery cycle unless you move it away).3. It gets stuck a lot. We have an ikea couch with 0.5-inch thick horizontal bars for "legs" (rather than actual vertical legs), and the vacuum gets stuck on them every time, even though it can go over a much thicker shaggy rug.The pros:1. Convenient.2. Saves time because you don't have to vaccuum yourself, but you could certainly do a better job with a regular vaccuum in 1/5 of the time.3. More affordable than a Roomba.,I bought this well-reviewed and apparently cost-effective robot with the expectation of using it in our media room, where we are nightly leaving crumbs all around our theater seats from snacking or dining while we watch. It proved easy to set up, and the black color was a plus for a room that has black carpets and is always darkened. The Deebot was set to clean every night at 2 AM, which it attempted to do.  Sadly, although it did a fine job on those portions of the carpet that it traversed, it never made it through one run without getting stuck one place or another -- usually at the base of one of our theater seats.  No reason to get stuck -- it just had bad strategies for extracting itself.  I even invested the time to watch several entire cycles, and had to help it three times -- baffled by why it didn't make obvious escape maneuvers.Finally, I also monitored an entire cycle in "edge mode".  The media room has an L-shaped entry hall terminated by the entry door.  In the regular mode, the Deebot blundered into this narrow area, and after about 7-8 minutes of tight, random paths, managed to clean it OK.  But in edge mode, in its attempt to work counterclockwise around the room, following the maze-like contours of the space (from the perspective 3" above the floor), it every time failed to round a 270 degree bend into the entry hall, and instead made diagonally for the opposite wall where it consistently reversed direction, and came back into the main room, skipping the entrance area. Considering the available strategies for following a room contour, I found it baffling that it would make it around most of that outside corner, only to lose contact with the wall it was following and break out into the open, where there were no edges to follow. Every time.Your rooms and experience will differ.  For me, it did not perform as advertised, and I returned it.  Perhaps, for the price, there are not enough navigation sensors or the AI is a little brain dead. As an engineer, I found myself wishing its designers were in the room with me, gaining insight from the Deebot N79's repeated missteps. I sure learned what a robot vacuum should _not_ do!I've ordered as a replacement a more expensive device from another manufacturer Xiaomi Mi Robot Vacuum Cleaner Robot With Laser Guidance System Powerful Suction LDS Path Planning 5200mAh Battery that has laser ranging. Let's hope some of that additional expense is in the AI as well, not just the lasers...,Just received my Ecovacs N79 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner and this is my summary:The Good1)  The vacuum part of this robot is pretty good.  It seems to clean and pickup just about anything standard on the floor whether carpet or hardwood.2)  The vacuum picks up pet hair very well, but you'll need to check it every few days to ensure the rollers are clear.3)  This robot would work for an open around with little obstructions.The Bad1)  Tracking on the robot is not good.  It seems to get stuck in loops and vacuum the same area over and over.2)  The robot doesn't seem to have the ability to see objects above it.  This causes the robot to become stuck under objects at the robots critical height of around 3-4".  The robot pulled chair to the floor after lodging itself between the legs.3)  The IR sensor in the robot is poor.  It seems to rely on the bump sensor far too much.  We have a table in the foyer with some pictures on it.  Bump goes the table and down come the pictures.4)  Return to home doesn't seem to work very well.  It seems to do a scan when it can find home it just runs around.  Which would be fine in a square room, but introduce an open floor plan and it just wanders.5)  You'll have to pick up the room before the robot can handle it.  I'm not in the business of prepping a room so a robot can do work.  If I wanted to prep the room, I'd just use a normal vacuum.This robot needs a lot of work before I'll use it.  I'm going to try to return it and try another manufacturers robot.,UPDATED: I can't brag enough about their customer service. Pleasant, helpful, and responsive. I've only used the new device twice. I'll update the review if the 2nd machine has problems.UPDATED: Customer Service is spot on. after trying their recommended fixes, they agreed mine had a malfunction and are sending me a replacement. let's see how the 2nd one does.UPDATED: I needed to update this as it now refuses to charge after 10 uses!After 2 uses, I'm in love with this product. Now, I've never had one of these before so I may have high expectations. Bottomline. I LOVE IT and am glad I have it.These are where I would like an improvement (why i took off one star):1. the 3'3" on each side and 6' deep is a problem in some old houses. Finding a wall outlet was challenging.2. It has problems going over molding that separates rooms. Sometimes it gets in but can't get out.3. Remember to pick up your phone charging wires as it will pull them out if he "eats" them. (though no real eating. everything is fine. just need to separate them).4. the phone app for this device got such bad reviews I didn't even download it.I have a single coat dog (Rhodesian Ridgeback), this is GREAT for daily clean up. However, he is a bit afraid of it.I'm not comfortable yet leaving it on when I'm not home. Give me a few tries with this and I'm sure I will.,Overall a very useful, affordable machine. Seems to pick up a lot of stuff that I might not get when doing the vacuuming myself.GENERAL NOTES:-  It does not remember what room looks like from day to day or use to use; it simply works by sensing what's around it. As such, I do think it tends to over-clean certain areas while neglecting others. This is not a huge issue for me because I would rather 'babysit' the Deebot than haul out the regular vacuum and do the work myself.- The dust cup is a reasonable size. It is surprising how full it gets (we don't have pets and use it on 90% laminate floors and 10% low-pile throw rugs) because in our experience, it picks up quite a lot of fuzz, grit, and so on. You may want to expect to empty the dust cup after every 1-2 rounds of vacuuming.QUALITY ISSUES: After 1 month of use, the unit (out of nowhere) started going in circles and giving a "two beep" error, which means something is amiss with the bumper.We have checked it, disassembled it, etc., and can't find anything wrong. We can't get the N79 to do anything but go in circles and after 10-15 seconds or so, give the beeping error.I have sent an email to Deebot customer service and hope to hear back from them soon.UPDATE: Heard back from Deebot customer service and they say they will send a replacement as well as a prepaid shipping label to send back the malfunctioning unit. I will keep this review updated as things progress.UPDATE II: Have received the replacement Deebot from customer service. 100% satisfied with customer service experience. The replacement unit appears to be brand new (not a refurb).,Bought this on Black Friday - I LOVE it. Now, it's not like the high end ones, wear it maps the floor, detects dirt, and all that. If you put it in AUTO mode it randomly cleans throughout the floor. My favorite mode is the border mode, where it will go around the perimeter of the room and cleans. It picks up a LOT of dirt/dust/cereal, etc. I have run it every day since getting it (as I have 5 messy kids), and it picks up almost everything! I normally have 3 pretty good sized piles of dirt when I sweep normally. Now, when I swept for a family get-together, I had a VERY small pile - I wouldn't even call it a pile - it was trace amount of dirt. This thing is a fantastic maintenance cleaner. It will also go over higher shag rugs - we have one - but it doesn't really like it, so I fold the rug in half so that it doesn't go over the shag part. It comes with a remote control, but you can also control it from your phone. You can set times to clean on the phone app, and it will promptly wake up and start cleaning! I put the base under our entertainment center, so that it's "hidden" from the kids,  to keep the from messing with it. When it wakes up, it comes on out cleans, and then when battery is low, it goes right back home by itself! It detect the base very well - I have never had issues with it not being able to return to base. When it's on the other side of the room and battery runs low, it seems to randomly search around for the base signal, and then when it finally senses it, it will actually go to the base - so it may take a while to get there! You can literally control the robot from anywhere via the app - I even had it cleaning from Church! :)Anyway, "Charlie" is here to stay. He does a great job for us!I will post a video review for further clarification and explanation!,The Deebot N79 has some good features to it.  I'd really give it a 3.5 if that was possible.  It surely has good strong vacuum power.  My problem is that it has too many areas that it gets stuck.  I spend as much time trying to block off places it gets stuck (which it shouldn't) that it is starting to be more a frustration than it's worth.  If this device had the barrier strips like I've seen other models have, that would probably work out very well, but it doesn't.  In the right home with the right height furniture clearing (either low to the floor where it can't go under and get stuck or high enough that it has clearance to get through), this could be a successful vacuum robot in your home.  I'd recommend it more for a one room setup, like a basement or a master bedroom, than for an entire house.  The randomness means a lot won't consistently get cleaned and since it has no memory, when it recharges, it doesn't remember where it's been/not been.  If you have a small apartment type of thing, I could certainly recommend it.  It DOES what it advertises pretty well as long as you can work out the kinks of the places in your home where it will get caught up.  Mine never reaches the charger after it's battery is ran out for 2 reasons.  MOST of the time, it's gotten stuck and if it hasn't gotten stuck, it is just random luck if it can find it's way back to the charger.,I would rate this vac at 4.5 stars if I had the option. I bought this device for my mom to replace an aging Roomba.This device is physically smaller than my moms old Roomba, but seems to clean very effectively. It's able to get more places than her old vac due to its low profile. It also features dual spinny brushes, where the Roomba only featured one. It makes less noise than the old Roomba as well, and you can have a conversation or watch TV while the vac does its magic without it being much of a distraction.The only real downside comes with the connectivity features. I should mention, I did not buy this vac because of the wifi-features, I bought it because it had good reviews and a good price. That being said, since it has the wifi-features, I feel like they should work. I had a lot of trouble getting the robot connected to my iPhone/Wifi. I messed around with the vac for about an hour before I gave up. The truth is this doesn't change my experience much. In fact, if the vac didn't come with the features, I would give it five stars. But since the process of pairing/getting the vac to work with the phone app is such a pain in the butt, I am going to deduct a star. I'm way more tech savvy than your average consumer, and I was very frustrated with the process.,This sounds hyperbolic, but this is a life-changing product. My son listed it as the 6th member of our family - after the cat. Not only does it simply vacuum the floors well, has served as a habit-changing device that keeps the whole house cleaner since I am careful to pick up the floors before it runs, including getting my kids to help "because of the vacuum," or I jump up and pick up quickly when it starts up - I have it programmed for 9:00 pm.Pros - well, it's a ROBOT THAT CLEANS YOUR HOUSE, that's incredible! It works well at it's basic job - picking up dirt and pet hair and cheerios. It's quiet. I like the remote control so I can drive it over to problem areas, and the different settings like spot clean and perimeter. We have hard wood floors and rugs in most rooms, carpet in one, and it handles all the different surfaces well, including an appx 1-inch threshold between the kitchen and dining room.Cons - none.  Considerations - Our house is very long, like a shotgun home, and I sometimes have to pick it and move it to another end of the house. The pattern that it runs seems to miss spots, but give it time and it gets it all eventually. I empty it every time it runs, and wash the filters every few weeks (probably more like a once every few months, really). If you don't have bedskirts on the beds, it sometimes gets stuck. And if it gets stuck under your child's bed, it could scare the living heck out of him when it comes on the following night and zooms out from under his bed...And I did just have to do a repair on it - it ran over a blanket I had failed to pick up and would then only go in circles. I unscrewed the front and found where it looked like one of the bumper sensors was stuck in a little more than the other one, so I gently pulled it out, made sure all the laser sensors were clean, and when I put it back together it was working again!Overall, I highly recommend this product.,This is my first robot vacuum, so I can't base my review on any prior experience, just what I have seen with this one.I have to say the device is amazing!  It is incredible how much dirt, dust and cat hair it has picked up over the last two weeks.  The movement does seem random and it does get stuck sometimes, but I learned where those spots are and small adjustments to furniture and rugs and the number of entrapments is down to only one or 2 per run.  So far I've been getting about 1.5 hours of operation before he gets exhausted and during that time I've cleaned his diaper probably 3 times.  It has been that effective.  And yes, I do vacuum the house, usually weekly, but with a regular vacuum I never really knew how much stuff I picked up.  I will continue to vacuum manually but with a daily run of the robot I can probably stretch to every other weekend.I just did the first side brush change-out and filter wash.  The brushes were probably OK for a while longer but they got damaged a lot during the first few days while the robot and I trained each other on how he works.  Once I cleared the pathways for him and eliminated tangle points the brushes weren't being damaged as badly.I use the iphone app and find it useful mostly for sending it out and checking on its status.  I did find that it seems that it will link with only one phone at a time.  I first linked with my android everything worked, then linked with the wife's iphone, which broke the connection to my phone.  No matter really it was mostly a novelty.  What did impress me though is the app setup software was able to automatically punch a hole through my (I thought) very secure but home brew pfSense firewall.  Just out of curiosity and without expecting success, I tried to connect with the wife's iphone while we were across town and lo and behold it connected and I was able to send it out on a job!  Confirmed because when we came home he was busy scooting around.You can steer it using the phone/wifi app but I soon found that boring and let him do the work on his own.  It seems to have a pattern of zig-zagging back and forth, then making outward concentric circles, and finally when the batteries are getting a little tired it switches to edge cleaning and hugs along the wall.  All of this in automatic mode.  I haven't tried any of the dedicatother specialty modes yet.Summary:  It vacuums pretty well.  Amazing what it picks up.  It even gets all of the cat litter box clay crumbs off the floor.  Even though its operation seems random, it does a pretty good job getting everywhere.  I would say with 2 operational cycles he hits every square inch that accessible to him in our 5 room house.  House smells a lot cleaner, less cat dander.  Not a substitute for an AC powered vacuum with a power brush and an organic computer (me) driving, but good enough to keep the amount of day to day dirt accumulation within reason.Entanglements/entrapments:  Yes they happen, but you have to set up your house to minimize choke points and dangling cords.Convenience:  Well you still have to get up a few times during a cycle to change his diaper or set him free.  Semi-overhauls needed periodically (side brush changes, washing sponge filter and dust bin, cutting hair off of main brush).  When he is suckling the charging station the whole assembly sticks out quite a ways from the wall.  He needs a fairly large clear area in front to both find and maneuver into the charging station so in that respect he takes up quite a bit of room in a relatively small house.Sending home:  When you send him home, or when his juice is low, he cuts down to half speed and the vacuum motor stops.  The side brushes continue to turn slowly and he starts randomly searching for the IR signal emitted by the charging station.  My experience is that if he is in a remote room there is only a 50% chance he will make it back on his own before exhaustion.  If he is the same room as the charger when the go home signal is initiated he will make it to the charger almost every time.So, I didn't really know what to expect with regards to operation and performance.  However he has impressed me thus far and I'm happy with the purchase.,And we don't regret it!Deebot N79 has been a welcome additional to our housecleaning arsenal.  With a few minutes of prep (picking up items on the floor, moving the chairs from around the table, rolling up the high pile rug) and a little patience, we have virtually spotless hardwood, linoleum, and low pile carpet in a matter of minutes.  I was never fully satisfied with sweeping with just a broom.  Deebot picks up the slack!  And I can steer the robot from the comfort of my couch with the remote or the app on my phone, when necessary.You may be skeptical of Deebot because of the price.  You may be thinking, "Surely, the Deebot is not as good as the Roomba as it is 1/4 the price!" 1) Don't call me Shirley.  2) The Deebot is awesome for that very reason! You could buy a couple Deebots and always have a backup.Not all things that glitter....amiright??  Here are a couple reasons for the 4-star rating:-- No invisible walls/corral to keep Deebot out/inside of desired rooms or areas of the house-- The dustbin could be a bit bigger.  It needs to be emptied after covering around 800 sq ft (medium sized dog that sheds a moderate amount)-- The cleaning algorithm seems to be a bit arbitrary-- It will occasionally get stuck on the corner of a rug or against a narrow piece of furniture that it doesn't recognize as an obstacle.  For this reason, I typically only run the vacuum when I am home— The rubber strip on the plastic plate behind the brush (used to prevent debris from getting away from the brush) has worn out and I can’t seem to find a replacement. This has slightly affected the efficacy of the vacuum.,One of the best products I've ever purchased on Amazon!  I am a busy mom who works, has three kids under eight, and is going to grad school full-time, and is constantly picking wiping and vacuuming messes.  I set it on auto and I wake up to clean dustless floors! You have no idea the impact this little machine has had out my sanity.,Product arrived triple boxed.  It had the outer Amazon packaging, followed by a Deebot exterior box, and finally a well packaged/protected box.  In the box, you get the N79 Deebot, 4 sweeper brushes, the charger, remote with batteries and an extra pair of filter.  Setup was fairly simple.  Just snap 2 of the 4 sweeper brushes onto the N79 vacuum, plugin the charger, and set the N79 on the charger.  Turn on the switch and let it charge for 4 hours.  Setting up the wifi was very straightforward. Note that they do NOT support 5 Mhz.The app is very simple to use.  It let's you know the battery level and the status of the vacuum.  I was able to setup a cleaning schedule within a few clicks.  It does a decent job in picking up dirt.  However, since the direction of the vacuum is random, it does miss picking up some dirt.  From the last two scheduled cleaning job, it worked for close to 2 hours before the battery ran down, and it was able to dock itself successfully to the charging base.  I have also moved it upstairs for it to work on the carpets in the room, and it picked up a lot of dust and dirt.Overall, I am quite happy with the performance.  I wish the cleaning pattern was more systematic and programmable, but for $150, I am not complaining.  The pan is always filled with dust/dirt after each clean schedule, which means it is doing it's job.  Hopefully, the rechargeable battery will hold up...,Reasons to love:- Finds home base without fail, even from another room- Quiet, surprisingly so- Thorough cleaning, dirt, dust, dog hair, etc.- Quality materials & design- Easy to use via remote or mobile app- Notifications when issues occur (like when I forgot to block it from our fireplace full of pebble-sized lava rocks - oops)- Keeps the dogs entertainedI am much more impressed with this vacuum than I thought I would be, wife (never much for automation) LOVES the Deebot. We use it primarily in three connected rooms (living room, office, and kitchen/family room, and hallway to bedrooms) and Deebot handles moving between the rooms, and wood, tile, and low-pile area rugs with aplomb. I still can't figure out how it can get from the family room back to the charging base in the living room, but somehow magic happens and the Deebot finds home every time.I was worried about the recommended very large home base space required, but found that Deebot can get back home w/out any issues in a small space next to a bookcase. See picture.Recommended highly - not sure how we lived w/out Deebot before we got one.,This is mostly a great purchase!  Starting with the good.  I have hardwood floors,  2 dogs and out back a chicken coop and run that tend too track lots of crud on onto the floor.  That is pretty much a done deal.  My floors are clean I haven't touched the broom since purchase.  The negatives,  if your ocd you can't watch this thing operate it covers the same paths repeatedly sometimes 15 or more while only getting others once.  It has folded up the welcome mat a couple times instead of going over it then gets stuck.  I have light weight end tables that it happily drags around my house and the timer seems to have an issue as it is set to run at 6am but comes on about 8pm and 3am or whenever it wants lol.  It also runs until the battery is low before it goes back to dock so will run for a couple hours every time it comes on.  Long sort short though my floors are clean, it will eat anything in its path including end tables lamps by the cord and a Christmas tree by the lights plug lol.  It may chase your terrified dogs and get stuck once in awhile but your floors will be clean.,We received this on Monday, and Tuesday while working at home I vacuumed my whole house with this (except the stairs of course).  I can't speak to how durable it's going to be, but it worked very well.  I did prep each room by dragging chairs and smaller items into the next room to give it the best possible chance to reach everything, and I went one room at a time and emptied the bin and pulled hair off the brushes after each one.  My house is all hardwood floors with several cats in residence, and no carpeting except a 5x8 in the living room with low pile - it did struggle just a little with the carpet but still got it very clean.  Any other area rugs got picked up.  So I wouldn't recommend this if you have lots of rugs.  It only got stuck twice, both times when it climbed partly up onto a low threshold and then couldn't get back off, and it did not repeat the mistake.  It was interesting to watch it and try to figure out what it's doing in its robotic brain, but also I could stick it in a room and let it run while I did other things.  It actually completely cleaned all the dust out from under the queen sized bed for the first time in YEARS because it's hard to reach under there with a vacuum cleaner.  My daughter has guinea pigs that she feeds hay, and it got a little jammed up with the larger pieces lying around on her floow, so I suggest sweeping up anything like that before starting. Overall I vote in favor of this little thing and with the Black Friday sale it was a really good buy.,This was a fraction of the cost of the leading brand with slightly lower though comparable reviews.  I purchased as a Lightning Deal at approx 130 USD so I finally bit the bullet as I'd been wanting one for several years.GOOD:  This has many options and settings include scheduling your cleaning for specific times during the day.  I really like the baseboard option and dock finding option.  It clearly sucks up all crumbs when it runs over them.  It is quieter than a traditional upright or canister vacuum, but still apparent that something is operating in the house.  I use this on my first floor living space areas (roughly 2000 sq ft) only which consist of hard wood, tile and low pile rugs.  It has and will go under sofas, coffee tables, kitchen/dining tables, chairs etc.  It allows me to do spot cleaning everyday of problem areas where my 5 and 2 year old leave crumbs on a minute-by-minute basis. So it saves me the hassle of getting out the heavy upright several times a day or alternatively, from my house look like a horrid tip even though I might have just cleaned a few hours earlier.BAD:  "Dee" as my children have lovingly named our "robot" tends to get trapped under tables.  I was surprised at her ability to navigate through chair legs under our dining room table only to have that amazement short lived by her repeatedly doing 1/4 turns ad infinitum without making any measurable progress.  We have large open living spaces, which admittedly is not the best environment to watch Dee succeed, and so she often wanders around aimlessly covering the same spaces until she runs out of battery which seems to be about 1 hour of continuous operation.Suggestions: I generally close off any spaces or rooms to make her work more manageable and avoid excessive "wandering."  I also tend to operate the room perimeter options as she seems to succeed quite well with this setting.  Otherwise I steer her in the direction of larger messes and she handles that well enough.  I don't see that any of the issues mentioned would be better handled by the leading brand of robotic vacuum with a price tag of 100-200 USD more.  As such, I would recommend this unit completely, with the understanding that it still won't be as efficient as if you just hauled out your clunky upright vacuum yourself.  The whole point is to avoid that to begin with.,So far this has been GREAT! I have been using it for 3-4 days and no problems yet. It works much better than a more expensive Samsung model that I returned to a local store. That one dropped dead in 2 days for no known reason. I will update my review in a few months (or sooner) as I put more miles on this little robot.UPDATE:  I have been using this for a month now. It still cleans the floors quite well. However, It could not find it's home dock if it was in an empty room by itself. I emailed the company for some help and they never replied. I think I will remove a star !UPDATE AGAIN: I had a problem with my unit. I contacted the seller, they replaced the unit under warranty very quickly. They covered shipping. Cannot expect any better service than that. I may purchase a second unit for upstairs.,Bought this on black Friday as a gift for my parents. Even though my boyfriend has an old irobot with some staying power (this blows his out of the water), this brand/model was recommended to me so I gave it a go. The parents have a decent sized home with two fuzzy, shedding pets, so we put the n79 through it's paces to see how it handled the post Xmas carpet and tile/linoleum floors downstairs.Battery: I'll have to see how it holds up, but we cleaned the entire downstairs on one charge and it still had battery to spare.Settings, ease of use: I only ran it extensively on auto so far,  but the app and different cleaning patterns seem sufficient. it's easy to start and stop cleaning, has a feature to find it if it gets stuck, as well as features auto scheduling (we're not so brave to run it while out right now- the dog is not a fan and causes a ruckus when it heads his way). The drop sensor works very well, as do the peripheral sensors that help the bot avoid furniture. It did almost get stuck on a lip/rise between rooms once, but was able to free itself and continue on. It does a good job nagivating obsacles and was able to clean different surfaces equally well.Cleaning power: here's what a lot of people probably want to know: yes, it can and does pick up pet hair! With the low clearance, this guy was going places we hadn't vaccumed in a while. It was almost embarrassing to know we'd vaccumed less than a week ago... the dust bin was completely full when i emptied it! Picked up plenty of hair. It also handled crumbs and other small debris just fine. The app will also tell you when it's time to replace filters or brushes, which is a great feature.Cons? Maybe I didn't give the bot enough of a chance, but the only struggle it seemed to have was that it had trouble returning to it's charger (I eventually got it to dock though, so maybe I'll let it go more next time).Overall, it's a great product for the price and I'd definitely recommend it.,This is a great product that is super easy to use. If you just press the button, it will wander around until it is full or tired and then go back to its docking station.  The dirt cup is easy to empty.  The first day, It picked up an embarrassing amount of pet hair, sand, paper clips, candy wrappers and dirt.  Three dogs, a cat, two teens, Florida sand, I never dreamed I could walk across my floor and have it feel clean.  After a few days of use, whenever I saw it, I started singing Queen's "You're My Best Friend" song.  This cheerful little guy has a great work ethic and just does it's thing without any kind of nagging.  It is great at getting the pet hair up.  My dogs were unhappy with it at first, but we put dog cookies on top of it and now they are happy to see it too.  They learned quickly that it will politely sense them and roll around them, so they can nap on the floor undisturbed.  I may get more as gifts...,Another update.  They responded QUICKLY to email (rather than phone) and have already provided a pre-paid return label and have shipped a replacement unit.  You cannot ask for better service.  So I've changed my review back to 5 star and want to commend this company on the attention they've given me and the stand up way they are handling my problem. Buy one - you won't regret it.Update on this review - we have loved this little vac for 7 months.  Then I get a "main brush malfunction" error.  I clean the main brush - no effect. I order a new main brush and install.  No effect.  I change the other brushes and the filters.  No effect.  I can't get anyone on the phone.  Hopefully someone from Amazon or Ecovac will respond to this, but if not, I won't be buying another one of these.  It may work well, but if it fails after 7 months it's not worth the money.Well we've been using this little gadget for about the past 10 days now and I have to say that my wife and I are both impressed.  Reviews on Amazon helped us set out expectations...we didn't expect perfection;  we did expect it to get into the occasional 'predicament;  that said, it has exceeded our expectations.  Any time it has gotten 'stuck', it was due to something on the floor that we knew shouldn't be there (random cord, tassel, etc.).  As for how well it cleans, that was a surprise.  We have 2 cats - one short hair and one medium long hair, and between house cleanings when the light is just right, you can see the cat hair on our hardwood floors.  Our house is 100% hardwood or slate, with some area rugs.  We programmed the DEEBOT to clean on Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday and the bin is ALWAS full when it completes its cycle - sometimes it gets full and has to stop - and the house is notably cleaner.  It is relatively quiet, works well on the "Auto" mode, although we have used edge clean mode a couple of times.  I couldn't be happier, and the price was a bonus.  If you've considered one of these, go ahead - you won't regret it.,I was honestly looking at purchasing the roomba and I was reading reviews when I came across this one. Because of the price I was hesitant, but figured if it didn’t work I would send it back. I love it! It works amazing. I have 4 cats and it sucks up cat hair and any other dirt I have. I had recently sweeped and vacuumed and was surprised at how much stuff was in the dust bin. It glides from carpet to hardwood no problem. Even rooms that there is a slight incline. It’s also very quiet and I can even watch tv while its cleaning. I have no real complaints other than it doesn’t come with a laser and it does take forever to finish vacuuming but you can do it while your not there or schedule it.. I’m really happy with this vacuum and it’s way cheaper than the other ones. Highly recommend!,We had a Roomba 650 that was a massive disappointment. It couldn't cope with the combination of long hair and cat hair that our household produces - the brush would get tangled frequently, several times within a single run. It was also a pain to keep clean. It solved that problem by kicking the bucket and no longer functioning at all.I say all that to say that I was very hesitant to try another robotic vacuum. I wanted one, but only if it would actually work. The reviews on Deebot looked good and the price was more reasonable than Roomba. I finally decided to try it. Now our household has a new hero. We named it George (re: Looney Tunes). :)George handles the hair issues with no problems. I clean the brush weekly, but George can clean the entire house without any tangling. This vacuum just works. It's so nice to walk around barefoot and not find cat hair, crumbs, or dirt stuck to my feet. It's even nicer for that to happen without me having to vacuum.And it's *quiet*. You definitely hear the vacuum, but it's so much quieter than I expected. We can watch a TV show or hold a conversation while George is cleaning in the same room.At first, I thought the cleaning pattern/approach was somewhat haphazard and unlikely to get all of each room. It does look random, but it ping-pongs back and forth enough to clean everything.There are only two cons to the Deebot, and both are minor issues for us. First, the bin has to be emptied once or twice during each run. It's super easy to do and well worth the little bit of trouble. The second issue is that the vacuum is just a hair too tall. It compresses enough to get under most of our cabinets, but a few of those are low enough that it gets stuck. Again, pulling George out from under a cabinet every so often is still a minor issue.One bonus is that the cats think George is absolutely fascinating and follow it around the house instead of trying to walk across the keyboard while I'm working. :),I purchased this when it was on sale.  This was my first robot vacuum buy.  I did end up buying a second robot for our upstairs, but not this brand.  The Ecovacs does a GREAT job of picking up dirt and pet hair.  We have a cleaning service come every week to clean and vacuum the house.  But with 2 dogs and a mix of dark hardwood and carpet, you need daily vacuuming.  Who wants to do that?!?!?!Pros:- Great job of picking up hair and dirt in both carpet and hardwood.- Quiet- Low profile.  Get under our couches.  For beds, careful with bedskirts.  Sometimes it would make it through, but not out.- Avoid stairs.  Also slows down before ramming the walls.  Helps saves on dings and such.- Comes with replacement brushes and filters.  Most vac do not.Cons:- Not 'smart'.  Our upstairs is 1,877 sq ft. mixed hardwood and carpet and the basement is 1,500 all carpet.  I first put it upstairs.  It won't complete a cleaning on one charge.  No big deal.  The down side, is that it doesn't remember what it did.  So when it returns to charge, once fully charged, it won't resume cleanup.  You could have only 1/2 your house done every day.  I moved it to the basement.  It's an open floor plan and I set 2 cleanings per day.  8am and 3pm.  Better chances of it getting everything.- Bed skirts.  Kind of struggles.  Sometimes it does great, sometimes it won't go under, and sometimes it goes under but not out.Let's get real:There's a learning curve that comes with this new technology.  YOU have to learn new things.  I don't care which vac you buy, you need to make some changes. These aren't dings on the company, more so dings on the owners.- Clean your house throughly FIRST!  This guy isn't a miracle worker.  It's a small bin for routine maintenance.  If you're a slob that's never cleaned your place, don't expect this to be a miracle worker.- Pickup loose items.  For us it's dog toys, loose cords, and the Christmas tree skirt.  Just have to be smart.  You wouldn't run these things over with an upright, don't expect this to either.- Know your furniture.  All these vacs are different sizes.  Some will fit, some won't.  This makes it under ours, so I'm happy.  The other brand I bought doesn't.  Oh well.  Win some lose some.All in all, if you have a smaller place, BUY THIS!  It's a great little guy!  I ended up buying another smart vac for $385 and happy with both.  (No, I didn't buy an iRoomba.  I think they're outrageously overpriced for what you get).,Stopped working 3 days after the return window expired.  I hope the company replaces it or offers a refund.  When it worked it did a great job, but I've troubleshooted every possible solution, and nothing works.  It goes in circles for about a minute, then stops and beeps until it shuts off. Very frustrating!!UPDATE 11/22/17 - I received a replacement, and so far so good. I hope this unit lasts because the machine really does a great job. ECOVACS customer service has been outstanding. I received a quick response on every email and phone call. They sent a return label for the defective machine, so returning was no cost to me. Hoping my new unit will last a long time.,This is replacing a first generation, non wifi neato botvac that, after replacing the batteries once, it started giving me error messages so here I am. Given the 4-5 year leap in technology, I chose this based on reviews and it is a quantum leap in overall functionality (and this is in no way a slam on Neato). It’s WAY quieter, battery lasts WAY longer, wifi app accessible, and has a bigger dust bin. It also almost never gets its wheels or brush stuck whereas, the old neato (and I hear all other brands of that era) nearly always did (on socks, cat toys, panties left from random hookups, et cetera.The only thing that’s a bit disappointing is that, though it’s wifi enabled, it’s not (yet) Alexa comparable and I feel a bit deceived as (I think) wifi enabled should sync with AlexaBut (in hindsight) the description didn’t specifically say this as others did.Overall, I love this unit and am keeping it. I’ve already ordered extra brushes and filters with a nice one-time 25% off coupon code that is included. I may add a vid later but sufffice to say: you’ll be amazed at how dirty you really are(were) when you get one of these.  Nice going ECOVACS!, Worst ever! I had one for a few months and stopped working just went in circles then they sent me another one (must have been refurbished) and that worked 1/2 way ok for about 3 months and goes in circles aging. I have no animals and use it 1-2 times weekly and only have a 1 story house. biggest rip off ever ! Don’t buy if u want to waste your money I will take it lol,Bought this on sale because my Neato Botvac D80 (which I love) died under warranty and I didn't want to be without a robot helper, figuring I could move it to another floor when the D80 replacement arrives.  For context, this is my 3rd robo-vac.  I started with a Roomba 650 and it was downright terrible.  Its virtual wall didn't seem to work and it was constantly getting stuck on a small black circle on our sole area rug so it was basically worthless and I returned it, ponying up for the Neato Botvac D80 which uses laser mapping and physical magnetic barriers, both of which worked incredibly and its drop sensors didn't get it stuck on the rug.  Unfortunately the D80 just stopped working so I do have to ding it for reliability but when it was working it was marvelous.Okay, so the Deebot.  First of all, I'm impressed that the thing even has an app with wi-fi considering it was over $100 cheaper than my Neato which does not have Wi-Fi.  Also, this thing doesn't get stuck on the black circle of the rug.  I have witnessed it get stuck in a corner briefly but so far it has been able to get itself out of any stuck situation without my intervention.  Like most circular robo-vacs, this thing has somewhat of a small brush and the whiskers don't always get the edges will so it doesn't clean as well as the Neato but it is still acceptable especially considering the price.  I am knocking down 1 star because the thing has been beeping for 5 minutes or so when it finishes charging as if the battery is dead but it seems to be working fine.  Hopefully Ecovacs customer service will respond to me and tell me that it's something easy to fix but it is honestly more of an annoyance than anything else.  Also, my unit did not come with batteries for the remote despite the manual saying they should be included.  I saw that at least one other person here had that issue so I'm guessing they have some issues in packaging but again not a big complaint given the fact that this works better for me than the Roomba and it's cheaper.,Since I am such a gadget hoarder I should write a review on everything but I don't UNLESS something really wows me. Well ppls this vacuum does just that. I have had 2 Roomba vacs that I loved and used them until they "hit a wall"...ran the twirlers right off them so I started researching for a new one and bought the Eufy Robo Vac 11+ and by day 4 - HATED IT! It got stuck under EVERYTHING, the roller got clogged with dirt & hair and NOTHING would go in the nicely sized bin so I sent it back. I had thought about going back to a Roomba but since I bought a $1300 canister Miele in July I just couldn't justify buying another vac that was basically a "keep up with the houndy hair". One hound but a whole lotta hair!Now, the bins are the same size (nice) & I was worried that if it looked like a duck...then I would have to shoot it too! It is my DREAM MACHINE! It's quiet, the dust buffalo's go into the bin not clogging up the machine and it hasn't gotten stuck once!!! I haven't programmed it yet but I will give an update after I do. I've ran it more than a dozen times just for fun and I don't have a single complaint.,I loved this vacuum when I first got it.  I would rave about it to anyone who would listen.  That said, I never got the wireless feature to work, but I was ok with that.  However, after about a month and a half it started to not function properly.  The battery would die quickly and I would come home daily to find it stopped in a different place in my house.  I started to run it while I was home an noticed that it turned in circles until it stopped.  I've contacted the company a few times and I've only heard back from them once.  Once I got them the information that they asked for to replace it, I haven't heard from them again.  I would look for a different robotic vacuum.***UPDATE:  After writing a the above review I did hear from the company and they replaced my vacuum quickly and gave me extra accessories.  I've used the new one for about a month and it seems to be working ok.  Today I did find it stopped in an open space again after only 10 minutes on and I couldn't get it to move easily again, so let's hope it isn't going down a bad road again.  I still do not have the love that I had for this at the beginning,This is my first experience with a robot so I wasn’t sure what to expect. I have friends/coworkers with Roombas and I was originally going to head down that route, but this ECOVACS N79 unit caught my eye. Overall I can take it or leave it.I have it working on my main level which is probably 1,400 sq ft of open floor consisting of low pile carpet in the living room and office and then cherry hardwood throughout the rest. The main goal is just to keep the hair from our German Shepherd to a minimum. The first mission was just to do edges - it failed miserably. It was going around a table that is against the wall and then it just took off toward the middle of the room. This was after I had to get the stupid thing unstuck. Doing the whole floor it probably gets about 80% of the area clean which is better than nothing. Did I mention that the stupid thing gets stuck in the most ridiculous places? Stuck in a corner, I mean really? Also, it says it has a 100 minute charge - I get 60 minutes tops.As for getting the device connected and controlling it from my phone, it was rather trivial. Download and install the ECOVACS app, hit the WiFi button on the remote, and follow the on screen instructions. The device will broadcast its own SSID, but only temporarily so that you are able to push the details of your primary wireless network to it and then it will disable it. One thing to note is that if you are like me and run your home network security policy in a restrictive approach you will need to open some non standard TCP ports for it to phone home.,I purchased the N79 to replace a no frills robot. All in all I am very happy with this vacuum. It goes out and cleans the desired areas, but found it does a much better job if used in "ROOM" mode, as it devotes more time to the task, leaving a better cleaned room.  I love the fact that it climbs over my bathroom marble threshold and over my area rugs. I usually set it up to do my Master bedroom and bath, and consider it one room. I then set it loose in another room, and repeat the process. I have found it sometimes can't find the docking port when set in "AUTO". Not a deal breaker for me.My biggest concern is that the unit is "WiFi" but doesn't work with Alexa as some of their others do. I am hoping that they take head of this and fix this CON.,I have given this little guy a while to run and observe its habits. It is a funny little vacuum; totally not perfect. However, for the price you can't beat it! I have been pleasantly surprised. It has the standard problems a robot vacuum does (gets hung under furniture sometimes, sometimes the battery dies while it is under the bed) but it sure has more pros than cons. It picks up a TON of junk off the floor. I have 2 cats, hardwood floor and carpet. It pulls an embarrassing amount of hair and detritus off the floor, even though I use a Shark upright. The app on the phone is handy too. I can be Netflix bingeing with a glass of wine and pick up my phone to start the vacuum without moving - what a time to be alive! There is a huge price jump to a Shark or iRobot, so I wanted to try out this model before investing that kind of money. Honestly, for the small problems I have had with it I can't imagine the competition being worth an extra $300 to fix these minor annoyances. I mostly just laugh and talk to it when it gets stuck and set it back to go on its way. Weird, I know. But, if you are willing to accept a robot vacuum zipping around your house how crazy can talking to it be? The tray is easy to empty and the charging dock is small and unobtrusive. Good luck!,As a mom of 3 kids 6 and under, I sometimes feel like the person at a parade holding the bucket behind the horse.  I'm constantly following behind the cyclones that are my children and cleaning the crumbs, dirt, and sand that they seem to create out of thin air.  Having hardwoods, you can feel like the princess and the pea when you walk around barefoot with the tiniest of crumbs sticking to the bottom of your feet, instantly deflating any idea that your housekeeping is remotely competent.Enter Deebot.  I had just done a thorough cleaning of my home when Deebot arrived.  I let the bot zoom around and out of curiosity, checked the waste bin after about an hour.  It was nearly full.  Now I'm no Mary Poppins, but the floor met my princess and the pea standards before.  I emptied it and let it run another hour and the bin was about a quarter full.  I was surprised with how well it navigated under the couch, beds, and dressers.  It had trouble with throw rugs, but it's easy enough to put those away before a run.  It also struggled with cords.  My kids had fun building obstacles around cords, puzzles in progress, and other vacuumable things we wanted Deebot to avoid.The second day, I was reading with my kids on the couch before work. I had a moment of appreciation, realizing that normally I would be sweeping after breakfast and racing to get out the door.  The Deebot was quietly humming, cleaning the floor beneath the couch instead.  I am so glad I bit the bullet and indulged in this modern convenience.  As a working mom, I often feel like I just can't win.  This was a serious win.  I can't buy more time with my kids, but I was able to buy less time cleaning.  Thanks Ecovacs!But why 4 stars instead of 5? See below.Pros:- Simple set up- Very thorough- Came charged and ready (despite instructions suggesting 4 hours of charge time)- Quiet- Low profile fits under most furniture (on legs - pro tip: buy raised furniture to save your sanity with kids/pets - both low and high profile furniture get junk shoved under them - it's just easier to see and clean when it's raised)Cons:- Difficult for very small spaces (our house is tiny and I have to move stuff around for it to get between dining chairs and the wall, for example)- Prep required before use to move cords, rugs, and anything else too small to deflect the bot, I give it 10 stars if I could! This thing has saved my sanity!  I have four kids and five cats, and looking at my floor, you'd never be able to tell it!  It's so much fun to watch, and my kids love to play "race the robot" and clear stuff out of her path. (nobody tell them race the Robot is actually called clean the living room! ;)  it cleans under furniture and, it moves effortlessly between my wood floor, tile floor, and rugs.  It runs for an hour and a half to two hours, slightly less time on carpet than on hard floors.  I'm going to be purchasing two more for Christmas to give to my mother and mother-in-law. Truly one of the best things I have ever purchased.,I used to be a Roomba user but stopped using robots for a good five years. We now have a pet and reconsider having a robot helping the daily cleanup. A friend of mine just got two for his house and 3 for his daughter, and they recommended it. I purchased and tested it on the first charge. We love it after an hour of use. This robot was able to evade a door stopper and get into a corner where there where a cluster of dog hair. Then it was able to border perfectly a long step and get into the bathroom and into the study without getting lost. I was able to track the battery with the iPhone app and schedule it for every day at 4:00 PM. It may miss spaces at the first time, but let it roam for a while, it will get there. We noticed that comes with an excellent proximity sensor (In addition to the bumper and the step detector) that can sense the leg of a chair or the nose of our curious dog. We found a spot under the couch where it charges, so gets utterly unnoticed unless we "call" it. The cleaning results are impressive. When it passed by you, you can feel the stream of air coming out of the robot, that demonstrates the suction power. Like any other vacuum robot, you have to clear your floor of any cables, clothes or spaces slightly close to the height of the robot. It got stuck one time under the fridge because space was exactly the height of the Deebot. But the rest of the time, it did a great job moving between rooms and going on top of carpets.,So we had asking people about their robotic vacuums and we got so many different stories about which one is better. So we bit the bullet and bought this one. Man, mind blown...there are so many options as far as buying one of these and we figured this one would be good based on the reviews and man was it good. This thing cleans like no other. We have 3 dogs with hair constantly everywhere and had to clean on weekends. Deebot is set and off he goes... cleaning the rooms. It picks up just about everything. The big things not so much as a regular vacuum wouldn't either. It goes through crazy patterns but I guess there is a method to his madness. Only thing we had to adjust for it to completely do a good job was 2 things. One we had to add the sliders under our sofas...it raised the sofa about an inch which would let Deebot vacuum under the sofas without getting stuck. Second thing was we had to organize all cords from lying around the floors. One night we were in bed and I heard a beeping sound and couldn't figure out what was making the sound and so when I heard it I looked towards the direction of where the sound came from I saw Deebot hung up on some cords. Ill continue using it with the different settings and will update later,I love my Deebot N79, but it has several drawbacks. You’ll have to set your expectations right and you will be generally pleased. Kids will be very entertained. It’s not an upright vacuum replacement, but works for maintenance and keeping floors nicer between true cleanings. First the positive; it works. We use it on hard floors, low carpet, and medium carpet. Works on all of them, but it shines the most on hard floors. It’s also really quiet. We run it throughout the day and it doesn’t bother us at all. Now the negatives. It gets stuck, a lot. It is very persistent when it meets an obstacle, so it often gets wedged under, between, or on things. Cool part about that is it gets under places you probably miss with a vacuum. Bad part is, we have to “free” the Deebot several times a day. Next, it’s a Surface-level cleaner. It grabs what’s on top. Finally, it’s cleaning pattern is random so it doesn’t cover every inch of your floor like manual vacuuming does. We have to run it a few full charge cycles in each room to get full coverage. Overall, really happy, but set your expectations right.,I got this vacuum when it was on sale. It's much cheaper than a Roomba and still a great little robotic vacuum cleaner. I mainly use it on a low pile carpet in my downstairs. On this type of surface I'll get about 2.5 hours out of one battery charge. It's covering about 1,500 sqft and probably gets about 80% of the available space in that time frame.Reservoir is easy to clean, pulls out of the back and all you need to do is remove the fiber filter and everything else can be rinsed out. It comes with an extra fiber filter and the side sweepers. The main roller gets pretty tied up with hair and lint but is easily cleaned and their isn't really any nooks or crannies for the hair to get stuck in.I do notice the side sweepers are not as strong sometimes. It will randomly slow them down. I think this may have something to do with the surface I am using it on. It seems to do a little better on hardwood floors. The drop sensors work well. Never had it fall off a ledge. It also has infrared sensors on the front where it can see flat vertical surfaces such as walls. So it will often zig zag without touching the wall then come back later and do a edge sweep. All in all it hasn't helped keep down the excess dust and dirt on my floors. I never really have to worry about it or think about major vacuuming., I purchased this vac because I have two huskies & cats which means I need to vacuum every day. I bought the vac hoping to save time vacuuming.  The vac came & I am happy with how it cleans. It's set to run everyday while I am at work. It surely saves me time. I still vacuum the floors but not at the frequency prior. It does get caught on things if they aren't tucked away good. I thought the phone charger was tucked away; it took it right out of the wall plug. The different cleaning options, room, edges, spot and auto are a bonus.However, mine runs with the debris container out! I found out after I emptied the container and didn't place it back in before leaving, not thinking it would run at the scheduled time with the container out. It ran on schedule!I emailed the company to which the first response was quick 👍. The customer service rep said the vac should not run without the container. When I asked if it should be sent back, his response wasn't as I expected. Basically, he said if I did return it, they would replace it. But if that's all that was wrong with it & I didn't want the hassle of returning it I could just keep it. My thoughts are the return shouldn't be a hassle and keeping a product that doesn't function properly shouldn't be encouraged. Outside of the experience above, I do like the vac. I am providing further feedback as to how the situation was handled to the company.,This is a LIFE SAVER for people with pets! I run it once a day and it keeps my floors so clean! I would totally recommend this product! The price is great too!Update: came home from work with dog poop  smeared everywhere... I'm heartbroken... hoping my warranty covers this. I've tried to clean it, not happening. I have a call into them, waiting to hear back.Update: Poop covered unit was of course in the trash, Ecovacs needed information off the unit, and I got it for them, back in the trash it went. They told me i would be getting a new unit, Hooray, and i need to send the poop covered one back! Ew... But I would've done it!  The next day, Hurricane Harvey devastated my hometown.. I totally forgot to get it out of the trash and of course a new Ecovac was the last thing on my mind. Once things settled down, I remembered i needed to send the old one back. It set in that trash can for 3 weeks(due to no trash pick up), and before i knew it WAS picked up and gone. I called Ecovacs, and explained to them what happened and they STILL sent me a new unit, granted it was the wrong model #, but I just had to send it back, free of charge, and my new, new one is on the way!!! Great customer service! Will buy from them in the future!,Very impressed with this product. ECOVACS Deebot is easy to use and does a great job keeping my floors clean! This model has an app that I found useful and can help provide troubleshooting information.Navigation:The n79 uses a semi-random style of navigation, which makes it effective in smaller areas. The run time (1.5+ hours in my experiance) ensures that the device hits most areas of my 1200sq ft home. When the device gets low on battery it disables the vacuum motor, and uses the drive motors to limp around the house until the infared sensors and pick up the home base.It detects bright colored objects before hitting them, dark colors objects are somtimes lightly bumped. Overall it does an exceptional job not getting stuck. Beware of stray cords and small objects (dog toys).Cleaning Power:Cleaning power is great! It is not a primary cleaning device, but does a great job with maintenance. This model has a brushroll that allows it to do a deeper clean than other models. I have a small dog, and it is alway full after a cleaning cycle of his hair.Scheduling:This function works fine, but you have to leave the primary power switch on for it to work, and reschedule if the device loses power. Mine has always worked flawlessly.Support:Support is EXCEPTIONAL. I mean - emailed answered in 8 minutes. My device was having an issue where the drop sensor was too sensitivie. A single email to support and a new one arrived at my door with no hastle. Impressive.,We've had this item only one day, so the that into account. I unpacked it, set up the base station, let it charge and then turned it loose on our open plan main floor. Knowing that it would get hung up on power cords and the like, those were moved out of the way and the dining chairs were set on the table to clear the path for the Deebot. We have hardwood oak floors with a few rugs. We have a massive dust problem. It has been almost impossible to keep it clean. My wife retreated to her upstairs loft to work, I went downstairs to work and we let the Deebot do its thing. It worked almost perfectly, taking about 2 1/2 hours to cover the 750 square feet. We did have to intervene once to rescue it from a power cord we had missed and midway, I moved a couple of chairs and end tables to give it a chance to get at the areas covered by those items but, aside from that, it was left alone. We are very pleased with the result. It got all the dust and did a nice job on the rugs. One consideration is that because the rotating brush and the dust compartment are so small, it needs to be cleaned after use, but that is a small consideration considering that it was performing a difficult chore automatically. It really is amazing that something so small does such a good job.,Our first experience with a Robo Vac was a Hoover model.  It was a total disaster.  It was comical how poorly it worked.  It wouldn't even go on a short pile area rug from the tile floor, so it was blocked in all directions.  It was useless to us, and it cost a pretty penny.  Eventually it just quit working at all.  A couple years later we saw the Deebot N79 on sale (less than 1/3 the price of the Hoover), with very good ratings, so we decided to give it a try.  Boy am I glad we did.  We now feel this is a viable technology that can do some useful cleaning without too much interaction.  It actually can go from tile to area rug and over a few obstacles, such as the base of our cat scratching posts.  So it is able to make it into just about all the rooms on our first floor.  It doesn't often make it back to the charger, mostly because it chokes on one of my socks or a stray power cord, but it does make it back once in awhile, which the Hoover never even thought about doing.  We really like it and have bought a second unit.  The best part might be the customer support.  They have been great.  They responded very quickly to my inquiry and quickly helped us figure out how to resolve the problem.,Easily one of the best products that I've ever purchased from Amazon.At a great price point versus nearly any other robotic vacuum that you are able to find, I wasn't sure of my expectations with this vacuum from the start. Unboxing it, I was gladly surprised to see that they included extra brushes for replacement when the original ones we're out, a cleaning tool for the brushes to remove stuck-on hair, and everything needed to get the robot vacuum up and running.I got everything assembled and set up, and put the vacuum on the dock to charge to be able to use it for the first time. During this time I also downloaded the phone application and set it up so I would be able to have the device registered to my phone so I would be able to set cleaning schedules as well as use the phone as a general remote when the included remote wasn't nearby. Especially good when you want to cancel a scheduled cleaning time when you are in bed and have forgotten to pick up phone cords and other stuff on the floor in the areas where the vacuum would be able to access them.After getting everything charged up, I put the vacuum to use without vacuuming the floor with our big clunky Dyson vacuum first. We have a mixture of laminate floor, tile floor, and low carpet.  I set the vacuum to Auto and let it do its thing, and to my surprise it was low enough to be able to get under the couch, and navigate its way under chairs in the kitchen and under cabinet spaces we're getting a normal vacuum would sometimes be an issue because of the height.We have a husky dog which is allowed inside, who tracks in dust, dirt, plant leaves, and whatever else you can imagine. In addition to this, being a husky, he does shed quite a bit. The vacuum has no issues with this, and is able to clean up the areas where the dog is allowed without problem.  When I let the dog out in the morning, I normally let the vacuum clean the areas where he is allowed and it gets the floors clean to the point where you are not afraid to walk Barefoot on them or with socks with the possibility of getting dog hair and other stuff stuck to your socks.  This alone says a lot about this great vacuum!Maintenance is easy, as long as you're able to keep everything that should be picked up out of the way of the vacuum when it is scheduled, I have had no issue with it finding its way back to the dock after cleaning to be able to charge.  It has no issue with the room transitions where it has to go over little humps or from tile to carpet. The wheels are large enough for it to be able to Traverse these sections easily.Clean up is a breeze, you just pop out the back Trey and dump it in the trash can, you can also shake out the filters while you are doing this as they are easily accessible.With all the great things to say about this vacuum, what really got me was the customer support from Eco vac.  I contacted them through Amazon to see about purchasing a replacement hair removal tool for the brushes, as I lost the one that was included with the vacuum. Customer support from ecovac got back to me within the next day and was able to help me out with a replacement tool, including a tracking number the very next day.  It is great to see that the company is behind its product and is good to Consumers who purchased it.I recommended this vacuum to everyone that I see looking for one at my work. The price is great, and they always go on sale in addition to that. This is easily been one of the best products I've ever purchased from Amazon!,So I had been wanting a roomba for quite some time as I have 4 dogs (Australian shepherd, Doberman, lab, and shepherd mix). I currently sweep 3 times a day in an attempt to keep up with the amount of shedding in my house. When I finally came to terms with the obscene amount of money I was planning to drop on the roomba, the marketing robots at Amazon made this product alert on black Friday for a fraction of the price. I read the reviews and purchased it. After letting it charge, I turned it on and was quite impressed! I recommend sweeping first and then letting it go. It gets a TON of hair and dust up. I change the debris compartment after every cleaning cycle as the amount of hair it picks up fills it to the brim. I now sweep in the morning and midday, and then turn this on and let it run in the evening. The dogs are still a little concerned with it and follow it around the house while it vaccumns. It occasionally gets stuck in the wires behind our sofa, and I have to rescue it. Sometimes it goes in the bathroom and pushes the bathroom mats around, thus blocking the doorway and locking itself in there for a half hour. So what I recommend is picking up movable mats, towels and dog beds before letting it zoom around your house. Other than that, it's quiet and does its job well. I definitely recommend this for someone looking to sweep less :),I bought this as a Christmas present. After a month or two here is my honest review.Pro's:- It vacuums great.  We were running it every other day and we haven't had to vacuum manually since.- The spot clean is great for kids. My kids leave crumbs and this thing will make short work of it on spot mode.- The EDGE mode is amazing!Con's:- It does not seem to be able to find 'home'.  You have to either pick it up and put it on its base or control it via its app to get it close.- It gets stuck a lot under chairs and on top of heating ducts.I had an issue where it was stopping in the middle of the floor after a minute of use and said MAIN BRUSH MALFUNCTION.  Turns out it had hair wrapped up on the main brush near the motor.  I cleared that out and pulled everything I could from the motor part and it's been great for about a week now.  I feel confident the issue was with the hair causing the motor to have to work too hard.,My cats watch him work from a safe distance and run if he gets too close but they are the reason I needed him in the first place!!Just make sure that theres nothing needing picked up or moved, and turn him loose!! He occasionally gets stuck under my couch and beeps for help but its a low couch and I never expected him to be able to shimmy under it in the first place. Glad he can, though. I shamefully admit that I almost never bother to move my couches to clean under them....and now I really don't have to! Win win! I let him do his thing, and I have extra time to do something else. He goes back to his charger when he's done and I just empty his bin- which is somehow ALWAYS full of cat hair. I knew my fur babies were shed-monsters but I didn't expect Dee to find as much hair as he does. My floors are cleaner the extra help maintaining them through the week and I can just give them a good thorough mopping once a week now.Every now and then, we take the time to clean him up, cut hair off his roller, wash his bin, etc. Saves alot more time than he requires, however.I felt like I was losing the war on cat hair until this guy came along. Couple of lint rollers for my furniture and this bot patrolin my floors... we win! Great buy.,The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is for 3 reasons: 1) if you send it "home," it can take upwards of 7 or 8 mins to find it's way there if it's in another room (for instance, living room to dining room) 2) it has a hard time recognizing dark pieces of furniture without running into them first 3) it's not Alexa enabled. This is just a minor thing because you can operate it either via the included remote or via the app it connects to.Overall, I have been relatively pleased with the performance of the Deebot, the fact that it can get in some spots that my vacuum can't is a nice addition. While I don't know that I would use it specifically as my primary vacuum, it does do a good job with cleaning here and there through the week between deep cleaning. I haven't let it venture into the bedrooms yet, I primarily am just using it for the main areas of my house (dining room, kitchen, living room, main hallway) and it does a relatively decent job of getting the dog hair up. Unlike the more expensive robot vacuums, this does not map your house as it cleans to ensure it gets every spot, it cleans randomly so it may hit some areas a few times but could miss other areas. Since this isn't my main cleaning apparatus, not a big deal. If it gets stuck on something, it will let you know by loudly beeping.My only recommendation would be if it could notify you when it's full so you know when to empty it. I've just started stopping it after about 35 minutes and emptying the cup before sending it on it's way.,So I'll start by saying that I can't believe how much dust and dirt this thing picks up. After owning an early Roomba about a decade ago, this thing has more suction and a larger dust bin, which is great. It's so nice to have something for the in between real vacuuming time to get additional dirt off the floor, especially with young kids. Keep in mind that this is not a replacement for a real vacuum, it's a supplement so you don't have to do real vacuuming as often and things will stay cleaner in between.I'm taking off one star because of the pattern it uses which sometimes doesn't get near an edge, it actually stops and turns several inches before reaching the wall visibly missing debris.I'm taking off a second star because it gets stuck, almost at every cleaning. Unless you have absolutely nothing on your floors it will get stuck on something, which also means it won't make it back to recharge on its own in addition to halting cleaning. At one point it climbed up on an edge of a toy and spun the roller for so long it ended up fraying my short pile carpet, which is now ruined (though it being a playroom I'm not as upset). It's great to be able to schedule it but if you have to remember to pick up everything off the floor every night it makes it almost useless.Here's my stuck list:Under the refrigerator door (it's just slightly to low and it crams itself right underneath, maybe it needs a sensor on top too)Climbed up the fisher price race track ramp which tilted it causing it to fray the carpet, tilt sensor anyoneUnder chairs which it passes fine on some occasionsUnder the child gates, same problem at the fridgeThe Christmas tree skirt, now blockaded with presents,This robot is awesome at picking up dust, dog hair, and hair. It goes under the beds and tables. Only reason to lose 1 star is that it never finds the charger when it gets low. It runs until it's out of battery and we play hide and go seek to find it. Would easily be 5 stars if it returned to the charger.Update: A new Deebot was sent to us. This one still cleans amazing. Finds so much dust you can’t see with your eyes. Updated to 5 stars because this one does find his way home to charge. Definitely worth the money. Great machine and time saver.,EDIT 4/17/18 - I STILL love this sucker and customer service is amazing.  Mine started making a weird noise that I THOUGHT was in the housing behind where the brush sits, where I couldn't get to it.  I tried to send a video to customer service but they couldn't receive it.  Instead they just shipped me a new one (it was still under warranty).  No fuss no muss.  Would totally buy anything from this company!Boy I waited for a little bit before posting this review.  I wanted to make sure I liked it.  Let me start by saying that in the first 20 minutes of using it, I had decided I hated it.  The pattern was random and it really didn't seem like it was going to pick up the dirt and debris on the floor.  I got frustrated with it and decided to walk away and let it do its thing.  Best decision ever.  Yes it takes awhile to get the floors completely.  It will run over low pile carpet and throw rugs easily although I don't see how it could clean carpet efficiently.  I recommend for tile and hardwood.  I run it every day now.  Seriously.  With 2 cats and a short hair dog, I didn't think my floors would ever look this good! I can't believe I waited so long to order this.  I absolutely love it.  I've only used the edge, room and wi-fi functions but that's all I really need.  No issues connecting to wi-fi.  I have played with moving my kitchen chairs and bar stools around so that it can get all up in there.  It does get stuck under my fridge door but it beeps and lets me know and we go and move it.  I have zero issues with it and highly recommend it,As of the date of this review, I have had this DEEBOT a little over a week.  This is an amazing little guy!  As for the initial performance, you cannot go wrong with the N79.  I was about to purchase one of the 600 series iRobots.  It was almost twice the price as this guy.  Since I did not buy the iRobot vac, I cannot vouch for any kind of comparison.  However, after finding a couple of good, solid reviews of various models of robotic vacs, the N79 kept coming out on top — mainly for bang for the buck.I am very, VERY happy with my DEEBOT N79 because it gets the job done and hardly ever gets stuck.  Two spots in the past week has it gotten stuck — the first spot was under the couch where I have a mess of power cords (and I do mean a mess!).  It only got stuck once on that after 3 or 4 trials.  And the one cord was a PowerSquid main cord, which is very thick.  The other place it got stuck was between the commode and the wall where I had the typical commode rug.  The space was too narrow to fit the N79, but it's good about detecting narrow spaces. The problem was when it tried to "retreat" from the situation.  The "flap" of the commode rug would easily curl up and, given the fact it was in a tight space, it couldn't get out.But let me make sure you understand: there are other small rugs like this in my apartment.  And it handles them with ease even when they flip up and curl up as the DEEBOT is going over them with hardly a pause on them, let alone getting tripped up.I could not be happier with this guy.  I have two cats and I'm a single guy living on my own.  I just don't have time to vacuum as often as I'd like. There are spots with cat litter where the N79 has no issues with and cat hair gets everywhere.  I have mostly hard floors so, when I don't vacuum, I get all kinds of those, as I like to call them, "tumblehairs." Just like tumbleweeds but with hair.According to the manual, the DEEBOT will lose the scheduling you've entered if you power it off — even through the app instead of the remote.  I don't use the scheduling because cats get hairballs and cough up, again what I like to call, "mouth turds."  And sometimes it's just plain gritty vomit.  This would not be good for the DEEBOT. So I like to make sure everything's clear before I use the DEEBOT.  If you have a cat or dog that's not kenneled when you leave for the day, I'd recommend NOT running it when you're not there.  I read a horror story of a dog that had crapped in the floor and said crap was nicely and evenly distributed throughout the house by the owner's robotic vac.By the way, this vac does a "random" cleaning on Auto.  It doesn't map out your floor plan like the higher-end iRobots do — not all the iRobots do that.  I have NO qualms with this because it gets everything covered.  Little spots that it may have missed on one pass are gotten on the next pass.  The battery is fantastic.  Initially, this guy is running for almost 2 hours.  And it has always found its way back home before running out of juice.The only thing that's an issue as of the date of this review is the future availability of replacement parts.  Brushes wear out, batteries wear down: it's a fact of life, Trudy.  I know there are some side brushes already out there that you can use to replace the ones this comes with.  (By the way, it comes with two replacement brushes; a replacement sponge filter; and a replacement "high-efficiency" filter.)  iRobot has already proven itself to its customers by having replacement parts still available for even its original line of vacs.  In a world of disposable ... everything ... there's a growing trend of re-users and repairers.  I'm one of those.  I sure do hope that ECOVACS follows iRobot's trend.,Where has the Ecovacs Deebot N79 been all of my life? We have beautiful cherry floors which have been the bane of my existence because of the DUST that I see every time I sit down. I can vacuum them one day, and they're already dusty again the next. And believe me, I have more to do than vacuum twice a day! Enter "Alice," who happily purrs around twice a day and collects dust as her life's mission. And all I have to do is empty her bin and wash her filters? {{{It's true love!}}} I'm happier, my husband's happier--it's just a good thing! Now, the only con is that "Alice" is not one of those robot vacs that knows where she has already wandered. Floor mapping? Nope, not so much. She just wanders until she comes to an object, then turns and heads another direction. Eventually, given long enough, she'll conquer the dust. But she may sweep some areas five times and other once. For $200, I don't really care. I'm a happy camper. But realize that if efficiency and pattern control is your goal in life, you might want to bump up to a more intelligent model. I'm just thrilled to have clean floors. . . for a change.,I have been looking at these things for years. I just could not spend $1000 on a vacuum- even if it was a robot. When I saw this little guy's price and the great reviews I decided to give it a try. I had a bit of trouble getting it to sync to my phone the first day, but we have satellite internet which just sucks a lot of the time. Instead, I just used the remote and was very pleased to see that it came right to life and started its job of cleaning up the mass amounts of dog hair that my three darlings are constantly leaving in their wake.My house is mostly ceramic tile with throw rugs so I was hoping it would work well. I was so excited that I spent much of my time that first day following it around and obsessing over any tiny bit of trash it left behind. He got stuck a couple of occasions on the edge of my rug where it meets the furniture and on some charging cords that were under the bed. Those little snags were quickly rectified, and he now sails around without much problem. (There is still a few small issues with random dog toys or little hang ups under the furniture now and then.) It is astonishing the intricate places this thing can find and get into. After the full cycle, I was highly impressed by the thorough job it had done. The most exciting part though- was the emptying of the dust chamber. Whoa! This thing was full to the brim. I was so excited to see how much it had picked up and how that equates to a much cleaner floor for us without having to drag around the vacuum every single day! I ran it twice yesterday just because I think it is super fun and it had a full little chamber both times- darn dogs. I highly recommend this fun gadget. I am thinking of getting a second for the upstairs!,This great new household tool is a huge help for me - I can no longer push/pull an upright (even one that is self-propelled).PROS:-This robot has cleaned my hard-surface and low pile carpet very well.-The battery charge lasts long enough to cover my floors in one charge.-Only occasionally gets stuck at the edge of a piece of furniture.-It is very quiet.-The function options of edge-cleaning, spiral-cleaning (runs for about 3 minutes up to a 3 ft diameter for more cleaning), overall room-cleaning (although the robot seems to have a random path), and self-docking are beneficial.-Cleans under some furniture pieces and beds!CONS:-The side sweep brushes work fairly well using the edge cleaning mode. However, more bristles that are stiffer would improve the cleaning function. I doubt these brushes will be durable over time (they are easily replaced).-When the vacation is running diagonally on carpet it tends to start hopping leaving 'tiger stripes' behind. Perhaps the unit should be heavier.-I would have rated it with 5-stars except for these two issues.I've used it less than a week - hopefully, the robot will be durable!,I've owned several Irobots in the past, and found them quite useful. I've only owned this product for a month, but it seems to be up to the quality of the name brand. I appreciate the 2 stage filter (foam and a HEPA-like cartdridge). They give you a duplicate also. The bot is able to navigate transfers between carpeting and carpeting+thick rugs, minor folds in the thick rugs, and bare floors. However, I would say that doesn't extend to more than an inch difference between floor heights - maybe a bit less. Stll, pretty impressive. The drive mechanism also seems to be similar to name brand. One thing to remember about these devices - you will be pulling hairs and other long slim strands out of the drive mechanism, best to do it each time you run it. That's the tradeoff between these things and pushing a vacuum around the floor yourself. Nothing's perfect! The cellphone app is so-so - not sure why the manufacturer thinks its needed. However, it does show you battery level and (estimated) remaining life on the filters, so that's cool.  Bottom line - if you don't like vacuuming, or you want to save time, these devices work pretty good. Plus, this one seems just as good as the name brand - and much less expensive.,I have only used this a couple times as of now but I think I'm in love! Firstly, it kept my 3 year old super entertained for well over an hour! (Even if it didn't also clean the floors that would be money well spent 😊).I have noticed that I will need to clear the floor space better in order for it to function best but that's actually not a bad thing (in my opinion) as it will motivate me to de-clutter. And I'll probably put the dining room chairs up on the table for fewer obstacles. I also will need to put some sort of stick or something to block the area under the buffet in my dining room. The Deebot just fits under enough to get stuck.I have not played around with the app at all. I'm not sure I will though. It kind of seems unnecessary... but I'll see as time goes on.I think the adjustments I need to make to our home are well worth not having to actively vacuum the floors myself. Our entire first floor is hard surfaces. Half is hard wood and half is tile that is uneven slate-type that is a pain to clean. Neither a broom nor a swifter is at all effective.  they get SOOO dirty.  I have two little ones and this time saver will be great!My only complaint so far is that the path it SOMETIMES takes seems kind of erratic. It bumps into a table leg or something then goes in a totally different angle leaving behind nearby crumbs. But sometimes it tries to curve around the obstacle. I'm still learning and observing so I'll update if this improves.Overall it's certainly doing a much better job than I do when I don't vacuum at all for a week+!!!,Wow! This robot is awesome. We purchase the N79 model. It arrived 2 days after placing the order. Well packaged so no damage. Set up was easy; only took a few minutes. Charged in about 3-1/2 hours. Then we pushed the auto button and the vacuum performed flawlessly. It easily handled the main level of our condo, about 1300 sft. Went back and forth over areas multiple times. Found the wall edges and followed them. Most of the flooring is hardwood which it glides over in random patterns. It avoided the stairs to the lover level, found its way back from cleaning the back hallway, cleaned under chairs & sofa, transitioned easily from hardwood to low pile carpeting. Had a little problem under the bed because we had shoved a couple of seasonal items there to get them out of the way. However it never got hung up, didn’t need a poke. It just figured it’s way out from under the bed and continued cleaning. The robot ran for almost 100 minutes before returning itself to the base station to charge. It was amazing to see how much & what was collected when we opened the dirt bin. Day 1 and totally pleased with the product.,We got a long haired cat about 4 months ago and suddenly we needed to vacuum a lot more. Since I'm not a fan of vacuuming I took the plunge on this little guy. Short review: I'm pretty happy with the purchase.Easy to set up and connect to WiFi. It has a remote, plus there is a good mobile app which is what I use. I had vacuumed the day before receiving the Deebot. I was shocked when I ran the device and the collection tray was full. The brushes do a nice job of reaching under the edges of things where a vacuum can't go. I live in a split level condo and moving the Deebot from one level to the other isn't an issue. It's good at recognizing obstructions, stairs, etc. My condo is a mix of hardwood and low-pile carpet with throw rugs on both. The smaller rugs I just pick up, the bigger rugs it navigates with ease. Sliding door tracks sometimes give it issues. There is an audible alarm that sounds if the device gets stuck, plus the app gives you a status. Simple trick is just put an obstruction in front of an area you don't want it to go in, like a corner or near wires.Overall I'm very happy with the device, especially for the price.  And for those cat people, my cat's not afraid of it since it's not loud. More curious than anything. She'll lay on a step above where it's cleaning and just watch it go back and forth. But she's not quite ready to put on a shark suit and ride it (if you don't know what I mean YouTube it, great entertainment).,So we began our robot journey with Deebot. A few days into our partnership, we decided to send him back to see what other options were out there. He got the job done, but a lot of his quirks we attributed to a knock-off robot brand and assumed the name brand (Roomba) would be a more dependable. So Deebot N79 went back, and Roomba 690 arrived.Roomba also got the job done but, to our surprise, had more drawbacks than Deebot. For starters, Roomba was extremely loud. His tech seemed dated compared to the sleek design of Deebot. He was bulkier, taller, and wider as well, but with a similar size catch-filter. Strange stuff, eh? Finally, the biggest kicker was that Roomba couldn’t climb between our hardwood floors to the carpet in the living room. It just bumped against it, thinking it was a barrier or a drop off point. So, after a few days and a few test runs, back Roomba went, which ushered in the re-order and return of Deebot.The N79 gets the job done, like I said earlier. The problems I initially had with it (the actual “smarts” of the machine) appear to be widespread in all these little robotic vacuums. They aren’t perfect (ours gets stuck about once every 30 minutes) but with supervision they keep the floors tidy of loose debris while you can go use on other things. They can’t single-handedly keep all your floors clean, but they do a good job assisting in the process.The bottom line is, why a Roomba? The 690 was $350 bucks. Do yourself a favor, save $150, and get the Deebot N79. I can live with spending two hundred on this little device, but anything more, you might as well just by yourself a nice upright vacuum.,I just bought this vacuum the other day. I've used it a couple times already. Let me tell you, it really works! We just vacuumed a couple days before, and we thought out floors were clean. Nope! This little vaacume picked up what our shark couldn't! It's pretty entertaining watching it. We have stairs and it detects the stairs so it won't fall off. Plus, it's not a Roomba,but it's a pretty great DJ too (If you know parks and rec),This vacuum is simply the best.  I’ve been in the market for a robotic vacuum cleaner for a couple months now, but simply could not justify one months rent on such a purchase. Alas, when I caught this vacuum on a Black Friday special for $150, I jumped at the opportunity to invite a robot into my home.At the same time, there are approximately 645738 other things I’d rather be doing other than chasing fur tumbleweeds around my apartment with a broom, then trying to squash the rest with the swifter dry cloth (don’t judge, we’ve all done it), then finally trying to pick gobs of the really determined tumbleweeds out of the mop.So alas this vacuum. My dirt consists mostly of cat food crumbs, cat fur from my two furry angels, litter, and miscellaneous dust. The 2 cats and I occupy an 800 sq ft apartment with largely laminate woods floors. This vacuum picks up a surprising amount of cat mess, dirt, and dust and has made fur tumbleweeds a distant memory. The vacuum easily scales my area rugs and even gets under a small bookshelf where many fur tumbleweeds used to gather. It’s skilled enough to pick up larger cat food pieces and litter. Navigation is surprisingly good as it navigates easily throughout the main living area, into the entry way, kitchen, and hallway. It typically follows a random zig zag pattern around my apartment (which I’m sure is just awesome for my downstairs neighbor), and then it will go back around the edge of the room nudging into the edge to get all the little bits of litter than get crammed up against the trim in the hallway. Battery power provides my friendly little robot with enough juice to get around the apartment 3 ish times which results perfectly clean main living area (99% of the time) 4x a week.Noise wise, the vacuum provides minimal noise and even my more anxious cat (whose are nemesis is the big vacuum) is comfortable occupying the same room as this vacuum. My other cat is actually napping in the same room as the running vacuum right now.Okay, so what’s the catch? Critical points are that this vacuum doesn’t do well on the low pile carpet covering my bedroom. It seems to drain the battery quicker and only suction up a fraction of the dirt/hair. Alas, I still use in it my bedroom once a week for a quick clean mid-week and then do a more thorough vacuum with my big vacuum once a week. As suction on carpet is somewhat limited, I would not recommend this vacuum as an only vacuum for homes with any carpet.This ambitious vacuum also tries to scale the large cat tree with a 2 inch wood base which result in a stranded vacuum beeping for help. While commendable, it’d rather this vacuum not try to scale my cat tree.All in all I am really happy with my vacuum, who I’ve lovingly named Deidre. She does a great job and keeps my apartment from looking like the wild furry west by the end of the week. She also cuts down significantly on my deep cleaning on the weekends, as only a few tight corners need sweeping with a hand broom. She is absolutely here to stay., I found my new best friend!  The Deebot N79 is a great little robotic vacuum.  I thought my floors were clean but after a little over an hour of running the bin was 3/4 full and I do not have inside pets. The Deebot navigates very well from hardwood to rugs to tile to carpet.  It’s fairly quiet and doesn’t bang into things, it’s sensors work very well in identifying things in its way.  I noticed in the edge mode it does more running into the wall, I guess it tests the edge a bit more than the random mode.  It was running low on power and navigated back to its base perfectly.  I ran it quick to show my husband and pressed the home button and it quickly found its base with no issues.  I have yet to test out the app but the remote works perfect no real need for the app at home. I did my research for months before buying this model, I couldn’t justify spending $400-500 on an iRobot Roomba when this one was getting just as good or better reviews.  You won’t regret buying this!,I am surprised at how much this picks up on my tile floors.  I haven't used it on carpeted rooms as I have a upright for that.  I thought my tile floor was tidy but the bin was full!  It has an edge setting that is great, then I put it on auto.  It had trouble when the sunlight was pouring in the slider, so have to close the curtain....the electric eye got confused with the bright light.  The cats like to watch it.  My husband was sceptical but likes it now also.  The only thing, I have to charge it in a closed room, my cats think it is a toy and start it up on their own.  The one cat wants to chew the little brushes that stick out when it is idol and it starts it up.  Is Is it worth it?  Yes!  It also goes under my coffee table, etc.,I have named my Deebot Anton and he will referee to as that from here out. I had absolutely no idea how much cat fur was on my floor. I'm disgusted! I vacuumed every week with a Dyson minus under my bed. My room was starting to smell dispute my best efforts to clean and air it out. One of the first places I sent Anton was there and OMG THE EWW, ALL THE EWWS. My room smells fresh again! It picks up good size items too, including the clothing tag that was under the bed. He also helps me keep my house clean through the week because he WILL eat whatever is on the floor. I like to watch him work therefore I keep stuff off the floor lol.  I have carpet throughout the home minus the kitchen and bathroom. He goes over rugs (that are not flimsy) and rarely gets stick on them. I think he shows off for me because he loves to maneuver under the tables, showing off his skills. The only con is the battery life only lasts an hour for me, but my guess is that is because the majority of his time is spent on carpet.  May be the best purchase if my life 😊,Yeah, don't bother. I called it Dracula because it was weak to any patch of sunlight. It would literally lose its mind and start beeping if it came across sunlight. I have two dogs, two cats, and this thing didn't choke on the fur. That much I can say about it. But it didn't have the battery power to get around the bottom floor of my house (about 1200 square feet) before it had to dock and recharge. It got to the point today where it would get "stuck" in the middle of the floor with literally nothing hampering it. I had to rescue it three times in five minutes which is pretty ridiculous. After three weeks of owning it, I sent it back.,For the price it's not bad, especially given the WiFi support and the relatively low amount of noise it gives off while it's doing its thing. Battery life is also pretty darn good. Where it loses the points is with its navigation abilities, or lack thereof. I knew going in that it has a "random" way of operating, but just about every time it cleans I find myself questioning just how random it actually is. It frequently goes back to clean the same exact area, spending what seems like 40% of the duration focusing on the same spot. Even if I pick it up and relocate it, it'll return to that spot over and over. And it's a different area every time. I still have yet to see it perform an even cleaning of my small first floor during one session. Never even comes close enough for government work. The Deebot also has some major problems navigating my vent registers, almost always getting stuck and beeping until I dislodge it. If they protruded above my carpet I might understand, but they don't.All in all, I bought this thing mainly to test the waters. The experience hasn't been bad, and I do enjoy the carpets staying cleaner longer, but if I had to do it again I'd opt for something a little more expensive and one that maps out the area instead of moving at random.,This thing is worth its weight in gold. I have a one floor house, 1900 sqft hardwoods, same floor in every room. 2 cats and I also shed a lot myself. This vacuum is a necessity for me. If you have more variety in your flooring, you may have problems with this. My floor is an easy one to clean, and this vacuum does often get stuck on my throw carpets.Yesterday was Black Friday, and I bought this thing a few months ago. I was telling my gf that it was worth paying full price for, which is something I very rarely say!! I'm super happy with this vacuum and the way it performs. The app is kinda barebones but it works, and every time I play with it I die laughing. The cats are endlessly fascinated by it. I mean, I guess that's any robot vacuum. I don't have a reference for other robot vacuums to compare it to, but this thing is super powerful and does a good job of keeping my house clean while I'm at work.I almost never find it back on the charger and have to go rescue it, but I don't mind that. Chasing it down gives me a chance to clean it out and it's full of junk every single time. Find it, press the button and it starts again and doesn't get stuck for a while. So yeah, easy to use.When I do see it on my days off, I'm amazed at how it SCRUBS corners to try and get dirt out. And it can climb somehow?? It's pretty cool to watch.,This was definitely a mistake purchase. Yes, it runs on a schedule, or at least it used to, it hasn't in a while for some reason. Main issue is that it never did a full run. We have floor vents, just like nearly every house. If this thing barely gets near one it will turn off. So, I ran this at night and I'd get up in the morning to find that it went for probably about 10 minutes and shut down due to a floor vent. Other times I'd find it randomly sitting in a room, not near any obstacle, but totally shut off. I'd press the button for it to go back to the charger and it would super slowly find it's way back. I got tired of doing that so I'd just pick it up and walk to back instead. I'd say maybe the first 2 or 3 times I used it, the thing would make it a full trip (cleaning and back to the charger) but it hasn't finished one since. Big waste of money for me and I'm really disappointed.,It's a vacuum cleaner. Quieter than I expected, but far more random. It'll leave lines going every which way across your room... But it does seem to do a good job of keeping the carpet clean."Dee" as we call her is great. The scheduling hasn't exactly worked right, but it's easy enough to start manually. Dee is like a toddler though, you can't leave her unattended. She will get stuck under certain furniture, on certain obstacles, and sometimes randomly in the middle of the floor. Just drag her back to an open spot, hit the start button again and she'll happily continue on her way. She has gotten stuck with one wheel off the side of a short staircase, but hasn't fallen down. She also has a surprisingly long runtime on the battery, though sometimes needs help finding her way back to the charging station... The dust bin is easy to empty and clean and I've been impressed with how well she picks up my wife's long curly hair (though it does take more effort to get that out of the spinning brush...).Overall great vac for the price. To get 5 stars though, I'd expect it to not need assistance so often.,I own a Roomba that is getting old, so decided to purchase another robotic vacuum cleaner.  I went with the Deebot N79 because of the great reviews.  After owning the Deebot for a couple of months, I'm wishing I had bought another Roomba.  The Deebot is quiet and seems to do a good job of picking up dirt and pet hair off of my hardwood and tile floors.  I also like the ability to program and control it via my smart phone.  My problem with the machine is that it is constantly getting hung up on thresholds and under my kitchen cabinetry.  It rarely runs for more than 15 minutes before getting stuck somewhere.  When it gets stuck, it just continues to run until the battery is dead.  So, I have to monitor it constantly and free it every 10 to 15 minutes to get it to do a decent job of cleaning the floors.  Sort of defeats the purpose of having a robot!  My old Roomba is louder, but almost never gets stuck anywhere.  Overall, the old Roomba is far superior to the new Deebot.,I have mixed feelings about this device.On the one hand, it does a good job cleaning when it does work.On the other hand, it tends to get stuck (e.g., it goes under our dining room table and can't find it's way out again); but, more often, it gets "lost".What I mean by "lost" is that, when you run it, it cleans until the battery gets low.  Then, it supposed to make its way back to its docking station and recharge.  However, mine doesn't do that.  Invariably, when I get home, I find it sitting somewhere with the battery dead because it got "lost" and couldn't find the docking station.Not long after our purchase, I got an email from Ecovac asking how we liked the Deebot and I responded, telling them our dilemma.  They quickly responded and said their engineer figured that the Deebot was getting too far away from the docking station while making it's circuit and lost connection with the docking station.  They offered to send me a second docking station at no charge to place on the other end of the house so that the Deebot should always be in range of one or the other.I thought this was a terrific response and was pretty impressed.  But, when the second docking station arrived 2 weeks later, it didn't have a power cord and so is of no use.  I contacted Ecovac again, but this time haven't gotten a response.UPDATE: I was thinking of returning the Deebot because of my concern about it getting "lost".  However, I followed up with Ecovacs and they responded, apologizing that my note had been overlooked, and telling me that they were sending a power cord for the second docking station.The real reason was the wife.  She told me how much she loves the Deebot, notwithstanding any issues with it getting "lost".  She told me it has already saved her lots of time and effort.  So, we are keeping ours.,Though the vacuum has a lot of potential and great power it's a nonstarter for houses with open layouts. Good suction and good at cleaning up pet hair but the echo fax wandered all over my home making it impossible to clear all obstacles and  it was consistently unable to find its way back to its base. This product requires virtual walls to be successful in a home with an open layout.,I was initially very happy with the unit.  Setup was easy enough and instructions intuitive.  The first week of operation, Bob (as we call it) was doing magnificently.  He only disobeyed homing command once.  Second and third week, Bob started on time for his scheduled duty, did his job and came home flawlessly.  All this time we cleaned and washed him after every shift.  On the fourth week we started experiencing "disobedience".  Bob would not come home when we wanted him too.  He would continue past his shift (1.5 hours, I think) then ran out of juice in the most inconvenient locations, and we had to fetch him home.  Toward the end of the fourth week, Bob decided to go backward in a small circle so I would pick him up, reset his power and check him for obstructions, but nothing worked until I tapped on him, then he worked again until the next shift.  I suspect something rattled Bob's brain which is beyond my ability to fix, and in frustration, I packed him up tonight to send him back.  Bob was a hard worker when he wasn't misbehaving. :(,So far, so good. Very easy to set up out of the box, very simple instructions and easy to use. Can set it on a timer, use the included remote, or link it to your phone to control it. It will bump into things, but not hard enough to break anything. It's pretty quiet, just a slight hum like maybe a relatively quiet bathroom fan. You can also manually control it like an RC car which is neat. I had a little fun chasing my one year old around with it. It does pick up a surprising amount of stuff for the size and lack of noise. Its first run was about 45 minutes and the dust tray (which I've read is fairly large for this type of vacuum) was pretty full. I have the charger hidden off in a corner behind my son's pack and play, to keep him from messing with it while it charges, and it still has no problem docking itself within a couple minutes of going into home mode. I've had it running for a total of about 3-4 hours now, and it has yet to get stuck. I've intentionally left toys laying around as well just to see how it manages, and it will just nudge small blocks or something out of its way, or just turn around when it encounters something larger. As long as it continues to function like this and doesn't break down, this is an awesome product. I bought on sale for Black Friday for $150, and I'm very pleased with the purchase so far. Will update with any durability issues.Update: after over a month, I'm still very pleased with this purchase. It has occasionally gotten stuck, but never when you wouldn't expect it to. My son has been messing with it a lot, picking it up and interfering with it. Seems to be no worse for the wear, so it seems very well built.,We received the Ecovacs Deebot N79 Vacuum Cleaner packaged so well we kept the box! The vacuum is everything it says it is. It was easy to set up, easy to program, easy to locate a place to put it and charged quickly (4 hours as the user guide suggested). We have three little dogs and one cat. Two dogs barked and took off running, one dog just looked at it and the cat followed it around as if it was her new best friend. We watched the Deebot move along the walls from one room to another. We didn't move and furniture, toys, floor length drapes we just let it take off. The initial process was a learning experience for the Deebot as well as us, we now know what should be placed away and what doesn't matter. The best part was it kept cleaning and cleaning until We got bored watching and found its way back to the docking place for a recharge all on its own. We are Extremely Pleased and the cost was quite acceptable. We recommend Deebot to anyone with hardwood floors, tile flooring, vinyl flooring or low pile carpeting, Deebot does it all..!,We've had this vacuum for a few months and up until a week ago, this would have been a five star review. Last week the bot started malfunctioning by spinning in a circle. We used the manual and determined it was a bumper error. We followed the very limited instructions to try to correct it to no avail. We tried to contact the company via phone, were told to email, and then received instructions to follow the directions in the manual, which we had. Considering this vacuum is not even three months old, I'd love to get it fixed but I'm not sure how to do that with an unresponsive company.I will update if we receive more assistance.UPDATE: The company reached out to both me and my husband within 24 hours.  They have stated they will be replacing the vacuum since it has a one year warranty.  As long as issues don't keep arising, I am happy with the product!,Say what!?!? How did I live without this bot? This little guy (who we call George or Oopsie) is worth every penny. I was skeptical at first because this was significantly less expensive than the Roomba but I figured for the price, what did I have to loose? After extensive research, I found many people having uses with the Roomba so, I wanted to try this brand. Worse comes to worse, I can return it...but after using for about a week...I BOUGHT ANOTHER for our second floor! I am so surprised that George can navigate our large house and return to his home to nap (recharge). I also downloaded the app which is pretty cool. George is realatively quiet and he does not crash into furniture or scuff up our baseboards. I can't wait until George's playmate arrives so I can see what the mop version can do! Don't hesitate. Everyone needs a George in their home! : ),This vaccum worked awesome for the first month. After two months of using it 2x a day the sensors started to not work. It began to hit the wall or any objects in its way. After a thorough cleaning it seemed to be fine but then it stopped working again after a few weeks. Now I have to clean the sensors and vacuum out the vaccum once or twice per use and I only use it once a day now!! So frustrating. I also only run it on my main floor and most of its tile. My house is only 1800 square feet so it's covers maybe half of that?? Which is not that much...I do have 3 dogs so it works hard but it shouldn't be this hard after only 1 good month of use. Now its mor of a pain than a convenience. If it worked as well as it did the first month I would have given this vaccum 10 stars! But I feel like either this was cheaply made and u should spend your money on a better more reliable product or I got a defective vaccum. As of now if you are looking for a auto vac I would go to the nicer brands and spend a little more money so you get a longer use out of it.,This vacuum has instantly become my favorite purchase. Ever. I'll admit, I was holding out for a (unicorn) sale on a Roomba... for over a year... when I saw that this little guy had great reviews. At only $199 I had to give it a shot. I'm SO glad I did!!I will warn those of you who, like me, believe you keep a relatively clean house: you will be shocked at how much the Deebot picks up and you've been missing. Having owned the vacuum for a week now and running it nearly every day, it is STILL picking up load after load of dust and hair from the carpet. My husband and I look at each other after emptying the bin like, "we've been breathing that in and not even noticing!?"PROS:- Relatively large bin- Smart: rarely gets stuck- Extremely user friendly and easy to use- Long battery life/quick charging- Convenient remote with multiple settings- Quiet: I was expecting this to be loud but it's much quieter than a standard vacuum!CONS:- Has a difficult time finding its way home. It might be our error, because you're supposed to give it 3 ft of clearance all around the base and we simply don't have a convenient outlet to allow for this (it's in the hall where it only has 2 ft of clearance in front of it). Plus, my 4 year old son loves helping to "drive" it home with the handy remote- Sometimes gets confused in one spot of our house and will essentially make a big lap repeatedly without being able to find its way out- "Edging" Feature (cleaning along walls): I wouldn't describe this as A+. However, if all I really have to do is edge the house with my handheld, I consider that a win.If you're looking for a wireless robotic vacuum, take the chance on the Deebot!,So far I’ve owned this little dude for about 24 hours, I’m running it for the first time as we speak. After about an hour I can tell it is going to satisfy what I purchased it for!  I have 3 dogs, shepherd+ retriever + Terrier.  I work a 10+ hour day and have them locked in their own room while I’m away (they will NOT be allowed out around this robot!)This little bot is doing a great job picking up all the fur bunnies!  I have the main hallway, bathroom, and living room/kitchen as open concept.  I move the ottoman out of the way so the bot doesn’t go behind the couch and get stuck, and pick up the kitchen chairs (upside down with the seat on the kitchen table) so it can do a thorough job under there.  I’m watching it clean now while I watch tv, but I’ll probably deep clean vaccuume once a week with my regular Shark, and set this little guy to auto clean at 9am and 2pm while I’m at work, then even if the battery goes low and it has to return to the charging station it still has time to do a real thorough job.Side note, make sure you have charging cords, cables, shoelaces, etc tucked away.A few of the really negative reviews stated that their N79 only worked for a few months and then began to seriously malfunction.... I’m hoping this doesn’t happen because this little thing is solving a lot of my busy-work cleaning during the week and leaving me time when I get home from work to actually have a hobby!!! Also, I like my dogs more when I’m not relentlessly cleaning up their hair ;-),I waited to write my review until I had used the Deebot for at least 2 months. I am so happy with my purchase! We have 3 dogs and hardwood floors, with low pile area rugs in the main living area, as well as the master bedroom. I hate doing floors, and Deebot has helped me to keep them clean. It goes under furniture (especially the bed!) and over the low pile rugs, across open areas, and along and around walls and furniture/obstacles. One of our dogs is a heavy shedder, and Deebot tackles her fur, as well as my own long hair (which I didn't realize there was so much of on the floor!). I use it probably twice a week, because I am trying to do a better job at maintaining the floors in our new house. I think it shows, and I really owe it to Deebot! I do pick up small obstacles (waste baskets, dog toys, etc.) before starting Deebot, but that task has helped me keep our home clean. After it's done I take a broom to the tight corners and areas Deebot couldn't reach, but I would expect to do that with any robotic vacuum. The low pile rugs get shook out or the regular vacuum once a week. Deebot has the revolving brushes on 2 sides, where other brands only have them on one. That's better design! I suppose one complaint I have is that I have to empty it twice each time I use it (they recommend emptying it after each use, which I do, but I actually have to do it another time during use). Deebot also, for some reason, doesn't sweep up the dog fur on 1 of the area rugs. I think it's the material/construction of that rug. Cleaning the rotating brush roller underneath is also a nuisance (with long dog fur and human hair wrapped around it), but they include a small tool to help with that, and that would be a problem with any robotic vacuum. I ordered extra filters and was glad I did. I'm trying to keep Deebot well maintained, so our floors are well maintained. In our previous house I did not vacuum, sweep or mop enough. With all the dog fur and dirt tracked in by the dogs, the 5 second rule never applied in our old house, but can in our new home, thanks to Deebot. And lastly, 2 of our dogs are terrified by the regular vacuum, shaking and hiding when they even see it. They are OK with Deebot, which runs pretty quietly.,This is a great vacuum robot with great suction and ability to navigate around. However, about 5months after I purchased it it broke and would only spin in circles and beep a warning code. I contacted Ecovacs customer service about it as was instructed in the manual. At first they agreed to send me a replacement, but then when they saw that I had purchased it from amazon stated that they could not replace it for me (even though they have done this for other amazon reviewers). I was able to get a one time refund from amazon, but I find this to be sort of ridiculous since you can’t purchase a deebot directly from Ecovacs anyway, so how does the manufacturer warranty work anyway?,* 1/4/18 Update *ECOVACS ROBOTICS offered to send me a replacement, so I took them up on their offer. When the new vacuum arrived, I dutifully charged it that night and waited until the next evening to try it out. It ran successfully around the house, but did need assistance a few times getting over the threshold between the kitchen linoleum and the carpeted family room. It does a good job of sensing the edges without having to bump into them first. If you want it to get closer to the edges, you can choose the edge cleaning option, and it will go from room to room focusing on the edges and corners. It runs around fairly quietly and is short enough to go under some areas that our roomba can’t quite fit under: treadmill, end tables, and kitchen cupboards. It seems to have enough battery life to finish the job in one pass, without having to charge before finishing, like our roomba. It doesn’t have quite the power and suction of our roomba, though it still picks up quite a bit of dirt. I have had no issues with beeping/stopping, as I did with the first unit.* Original review *It worked once for about an hour. Then, I charged it until the following day. When I started it on auto, it moved out a few inches, then stopped and emitted a series of beeps. I did all the troubleshooting per the instructions without success. I’m sending it back.,I have a Great Dane which means a lot of hair on my wood floors.  I was looking at a cordless vacuum for quick clean ups when I ran across this little jewel.  After doing some research, I decided to try it.  SO glad I did!! This is a powerful little vacuum that does a great job keeping my floors hair and crumb free.  It navigates around furniture well and even goes over area rugs well.  Occasionally it will wrinkle up my thinner rugs but it goes across the heavier ones with ease.  It does a great job on carpet too!  It has a random pattern so it has to run for a while to get everything but it is very quiet.  Even gets under the beds in places I can't reach with my regular vacuum. I have been in a walking boot since November 2 so not having to be on my feet to get the vacuuming done has been a life saver!  I have had this vacuum since the end of October and I am very pleased.  I love it so much I bought another one for my sister-in-law, who has back problems, for Christmas!!,This little guy is amazing! I am super impressed! I run a very clean household and I am constantly sweeping my hardwoods because I have 2 dogs. I have carpets here and there and it hasn't had any issues getting over them. It goes all around and sometimes I hear it knocking into a chair or something but it's not common and of course it doesn't do any damage as it's a light tap. It goes under my couches and tables and it really finds a lot. From the videos above I was concerned it was loud but it really isn't. It's way quieter than my vacuum. I reviewed several different versions and makes and models. I think this one is a great deal. I like the fact it has an app so i can turn it on even when I'm not home. The battery is great and long lasting. It sorta goes around and around and then you'll see it against the walls cleaning. You can also schedule it's cleanings so Saturday mornings it knows what to do on it's own! I should have definitely bought this sooner. Cleaning out the tray is amazing because I am seriously impressed in how much it finds. I definitely recommend this and will be getting another as a gift for my mom shortly.The only tiny thing I would say wasn't great was that I bought this via Prime and during checkout Amazon said I would receive it by Friday however the next day when it shipped the delivery date changed to Monday. But I would say that's on Amazon and not on the vacuum.This is the longest review I've ever written but I highly highly recommend this!,We've purchased two of these and had to return them to Amazon within a couple of weeks. In both cases, both Deebots stopped working and had error messages that could not be cleared. And both had quite a bit of trouble finding their base station. The first Deebot worked for about 10 days, and the second only worked a couple of days. The Ecovacs technical support folks are great via email (their phone support goes to a voicemail) but they couldn't get them to work either. When I buy two of something and they're both defective I have to assume the product is not well made. In both cases, Ecovacs confirmed it was a problem with the Deebot and nothing I was doing. Too bad - they were awesome when they were (briefly) working!,I was pretty skeptical about robotic vacuums in general, but I thought why not try a cheap one with good ratings.  The first few days were a lot of trial and error as I learned what the Deebot was capable of handling and where the trouble spots in my house were.  It only ever got stuck under one of our chairs, and couldn’t handle anything crayon sized or larger.Side note, we have 3 kids under 6, one large dog and three cats. Now... I’m pretty amazed at how little we ever sweep/vacuum.  Our house has hardwoods with a combination of area and small rugs.  It doesn’t seems to have a problem with any of it.  As others have stated, it’s not a complete replacement for a good sweep or vacuum.  I also don’t mop the hardwoods any less.A couple tricks I use.  The programmed time works, but our day to day is so varied that we just run it (AUTO) before we run out the door for the day and at night before we go to bed.  It’s not loud enough to wake our kids, but will get noisy if it finds something like a large LEGO.  The AUTO program does some “edging” so I don’t use that program.  I empty the tray whenever I think to, because it fills up rather fast.Money well worth spent I think...also we nicknamed it Frank.  Not sure why...,This RoboVac is great! This is the first type of robotic vacuum that I have ever bought, and am very satisfied. Very easy to setup, and the app works well with it. The only thing I don't like is how when you turn off the vacuum with it's switch, it cancels all scheduled tasks. It quickly and quietly goes around the room, doing it's best not to bump into too much. If you want to do the Edge Cleaning mode, try and have your lights on. It greatly increases it's accuracy when it comes to edge detection. If it cant see, it will bump along the edge. It will still clean just fine, it'll just take a bit longer.I find that it cleans  very efficiently, even with really fluffy area rugs. But if you need to, halfway through a cycle, just give it a pause, and empty the bin. It will help it work more efficiently.I love it, and my wife thinks it's amazing. With 3 kids, a dog and cat, this is going to be a life saver. I have it scheduled to go around our bottom floor at 0500, 1300 and 1900 everyday.For the price, you really can't beat the performance. Don't expect it being perfect, it doesn't have floor mapping, but does a really good job.,Used it twice since Christmas.  We have more carpet that bare floors and was looking to use it mostly for our den and kitchen which is ceramic tile.  It does a pretty good job in the kitchen but sometimes has a little difficulty with the rugs.  I have tried to use it in our den but feel like I have to babysit it more than necessary.  The bottoms of our den furniture swoop down in the middles so it can get under them at the ends but sometimes gets trapped underneath and can't find its way out.  Our tables have Queen Anne shaped legs which sort of swoop also so it tries to climb them at times.  Furniture is laid out in a U-shape so it has a hard time getting back to the middle section of the den.  I feel like I have to babysit it too much for our den so we just reverted back to our upright for it.  The kitchen is right next to the den so I wind up doing it with the upright as well and therefor the DEEBOT is just sitting on the charger not being used.My daughter has one and runs it regularly on hardwood floors for the most part and is doing a good job for her thus far.  Does a decent job on her carpet as well.,This is my first robot cleaner and I wanted to see how they worked before I dropper $400-$800 on a high tech version. I have 2300 square foot house and a ton of furniture. Five bedrooms, hallway rugs, etc. I expected that this machine wouldn't work for me. I was nicely surprised with this cheap version. I like when people do pros and cons so I will do thatPros...1) The battery life shouldn't be a problem for anyone. I let the vac bang around my house for a couple hours and one bar of battery life was used of I think 6 bars. most of the time no bars are used after an hour.2) it is fantastic at picking up dirt. I let deebot loose every other day and he fills up the tray with dirt, fuzz and cat hair every time. watching him is like watching water boil. You feel like that hes missing huge areas as hes bouncing off walls and moving to different areas but if you can ignore him then he will eventually get more than you'd expect.3) We have tile floor and rugs in the hall ways and in the living room. He makes it over low height rugs with ease. He also managed to follow me out into garage by climbing an inch and a half threshold.Cons1) Biggest issue. Deebot cant find home base unless he stumbles in front of its charger. Meaning there were times that I sent him to charge by remote and 20 minutes later hes banging around other side of house looking for charger. He can be inches away from it and miss it unless he passes in front of it. I've almost always had to pick him up and put him in front of charger to dock him.2) other issue with going back to charger is that he goes into a standby mode while hes searching for charger. It still vacuums but not very strong. ive seen him pass over pieces of dirt that he should have been able to lift in regular mode. If its going to bang around the house until it finds charger I wish it would keep vacuuming.3)Small issue but on the remote, the same icon to clean one room is the same icon to go back to recharge. Its an icon of a house. Granted theres different things in the house but the icon is so small its hard to see whats in them. I asked my wife on a couple occasions to push the house icon button to send it home and instead she pushed the button to clean one room house icon. They should have picked a different icon somewhere.4) Heres a sort of big issue. The instructions say by programing you can let it run at night but heres a problem. It has a sensor that when it sees an object/dark object in front of it, it turns away. All of our beds have a skirt. In the light, deebot will shoot right under the skirts and clean under the beds but in the dark, the skirts appear as a wall and he wont go under. So I feel letting him run at night may not be good.5) Suction issues.. At least 3 of our bedrooms have faux fur rugs. Deebot gets stuck on those rugs. Its not a big deal to pick them up first. There are warnings that it sucks up wires. I pushed all charging wires and electrical chords up against the wall and let deebot go and haven't had an issue even though they still are on the ground. With girls and cats in the house, deebot has found tons of hair bands, the regular thin round ones and suck them up no problem but it has also jammed up and tiny rubber cat toys.FinalThe pros far out weigh the cons with this cheap guy. I haven't let deebot go his entire route and check back on his own. Not sure at what point he will stop and go back. If its when his charge is low, I fear that could be 8 hours of vacuuming. He doesn't fit under my living room set but hes missing it by a half inch. I'm guessing if I wanted, I could go to ace hardware and buy lifters for any furniture I need a little higher to let him under if I wanted. One thing about app is if company is going to meet you at home and youre not home yet, you can let him loose to start vacuuming before you get home. I'm very happy with him. So far,***Update**** Brilliant product. Just bought my second unit for my parents who are getting on in years and have some mobility issues. I use mine religiously and it’s been working great. Don’t wait, it’s time to move to a robot vacuum, from Ecovacs!*** Let me first take a second to say that ECOVACS  has really impressed me with their amazing customer service. There was a small cosmetic issue with my new DEEBOT, which I noted in my prior review. The very kind Cherry from ECOVACS reached out to me, and sent a replacement unit which i received in just a few days. Just based on their care and concern for their customers, you can have confidence in purchasing their products.On to the DEEBOT vacuum itself...wow this thing has really blown my mind. I thought these robot vacuums were sort of a gimmick, and with a certain other brand sold at big box electronic stores going for over $600, I never expected to purchase one. Then I found the DEEBOT, and at a third of the price, and even better, with included wifi and smartphone connectivity, I thought I'd give it a shot. I'm so glad I did! The build quality is excellent, right down to the remote, and looks aesthetically pleasing and high tech. It is very quiet and I often forget it's doing it's thing until it passes by. I can see why other reviewers have named their DEEBOTS...it almost seems like it has a personality! The way it senses objects, guides itself around obstacles, and carefully and deliberately makes its way back to its charger base is fun to watch. As far as cleaning goes, yes this machine's cleaning power is legit. I actually vacuumed before trying the DEEBOT in my master bedroom, because I thought it might be overwhelmed. That wasn't the case at all, and it STILL pulled out a large dense mass of dirt, dust, and lint. Cleanup is super easy. There are a number of modes and settings you can use to operate the DEEBOT, and the fact that it can be app controlled from anywhere is really cool! The app is intuitive and super easy to use too. One of my better Amazon finds! Thanks ECOVACS!,My wife wanted this for her birthday this year, here's her review after a few weeks:This robot vacuum is amazing!! I was so skeptical about this type of vacuum because they just seemed ripe with opportunities to be inefficient, but Deebot has truly changed my tune. It seems to defy logic the way he randomly travels through the first floor of our house, on a mixture of hardwood floors and area rugs, and still somehow manages to vacuum everywhere. Sure, he gets stuck under the TV stand or eats a cat toy every once in awhile and needs some rescuing, but that's nothing compared to the value he brings by keeping the floors dust free everyday. I run him once a day or every other day, for the full 2 hours before he needs to be charged, and I've been so pleased with how much dirt and dust he manages to clean up. From being a hopefully optimistic skeptic, I am now a true believer in this fabulous robot. Our cats aren't riding around on it like I'd secretly hoped ;) but our kids love using the remote to guide Deebot to places where there's dirt for him to get. I don't use the app because the remote works so well. And I use all the settings like the edge cleaner, single room clean, and spot clean. They all work as they should. I'm SOOOOO glad my awesome husband got this for my birthday!,I was influenced by the wife to purchase a robot to clean my house with hopes that it would complain less than me. I have ever only heard of the Roomba and initially searched for one to purchase. That's when I found this lovely robot. At a fraction of the cost, the reviews seemed to be about equal to the much more expensive Roomba. I decided to take a chance and purchase the Deebot N79 and I was not disappointed.It's first run filled the tank with dog hair after 30 minutes of it searching the rooms.  For being an automated bot it is a pretty good cleaner. It does take some time to make it to every area, but it can run for at least a couple hours, so it generally hits every spot without issue. It can get stuck underneath certain furniture, though I have only had problems with it getting stuck under one spot on one couch. It makes it just about everywhere else without issue. If it gets stuck it will send out a cry for help (a beep every few seconds).Overall, you can let this thing roam your house for a couple hours a day and it will clean without complaints. If it breaks, I'll probably purchase another one. It's also somewhat entertaining if you have pets...,This would be great if it didn't get stuck under my cabinets and refrigerator every few minutes. It rams itself under something and doesn't give up, resulting in a grinding sound. If I don't rescue it quick enough, it shuts down and emits an annoying beep (so running it at night is out). It is really only good for running when I am doing housework or cooking since the kitchen is where it gets hung up constantly. If it was a little lower or a little higher, I don't think it would have this problem. And the automatic timer is a joke. No matter what time it is scheduled for, it is going to start in the middle of the night. If anyone knows of a hack for these issues, I would appreciate the help. It seems as though it didn't get stuck quite as much when I bought it two months ago. I decided to return it today, but (of course) the return window has closed.,We weren’t sure about this purchase, but we are very pleased.  This little baby goes from tile to carpet to thick rug then thicker rug.It hasn’t eaten any lamp cords, etc.  It pushes some light weight things out of the way.  I found her on top of the dog’s small ball twice.Very funny.  Well, The dog didn’t think so.  We have three girls with long hair.  That is the only bothersome job...cutting the hair off the roller.The dirt bin has to be emptied often or you may find dustballs around the house.  For the first few days I couldn’t get her to go backhome, then one day there she was!  Now, she goes home when she’s finished or tired.  In our family, we all go barefoot in the house.We no longer feel the crumbs under our feet in the kitchen.  The sound is not bothering us at all.  We can watch tv in the evening while she works and if she comes on during the night it doesn’t wake me.  We are so happy with this purchase.,It is very quiet and has great suction.  It just can't be used effortlessly and in a house of any size.  I placed the vac in a bonus room above a garage that is all carpet (around 700 sq ft).  The vac doesn't come any where close to cleaning the whole room.  Doesn't have a resume feature and essentially drives straight till it hits something.  As a result, the room never got completely covered.Also, the charger is rather light,  When the Vac returns with the brushes on the front, it just keeps moving the charger down the wall and never redocks.Finally, the vac drove straight into obstacles that didnt have enough clearance for it to go under, it would wedge the front under the obstacle until the back wheels were off the ground and then get stuck.  It repeatedly got stuck under the couch following the same pattern.I prefer the Neato Vacs do to the resume feature and the use of intelligent mapping of entire rooms/homes.,This is a dumb but lovable little robot, but what he lacks in intelligence he makes up for 10 times over with persistence.  What spurred our interest originally was that our dog sheds.... a lot!  If you have a shedding dog, then you know it's impossible to keep up with them and that their fur gets everywhere and tends to settle into spots of your house that rarely get attention.This model is not a "fire and forget" appliance.  Deebot solves the pet fur problem though he does have behaviors you should be aware of and requires minor amounts of babysitting.Let me start of with his limitations.Cons:1. He has problems with transitions.  There's a sour spot in height for him where if the obstacle is too high to get over but not high enough to deter him. As a result he just keeps trying to overcome the obstacle and gets hung up.  We have two transitions in our house, the first one of about 1/2 inch he can make just fine.  The second is one inch and this is the one he gets hung up on. We also have a couple of Ikea chairs that are low and flat on the floor. He climbs onto them and then he can't get off.  (see image)The guardrails to the stairs he doesn't really see, so he doesn't slowdown before he bumps into them like other more solid objects. Also, he can't really reach to the other side of the rails. (see image)2. As noted by many other users, he tries to ingest rug tassels.  Be prepared to trim tassels to a shorter length, or remove the rug all together.  1" tassels seem to be ok.  2" tassels are not unless the rug is fastened to the floor somehow. (see image)3. He is much quieter than a regular sized vacuum cleaner which also means that he doesn't suck as hard and so he doesn't get everything on the first pass, or the second, or the third.  His persistence though is only limited by you and if you run him daily, then eventually everything gets picked up.  Expect his first collections to be very plentiful and as time goes on he eventually brings back less for you to empty.4. He doesn't map the floor. He wonders about seemingly in a random state as he cleans.  This is more of a comment of than a disadvantage as anything he misses will eventually get hit by another random pass later on.  This randomness though does make it harder for him to get into nooks and cranny's which have bottleneck entrances into the nook and subsequently get out of if he does get in.5. I'm still experimenting with places to put his dock. Since he doesn't map the space, he goes into a low power state of wondering around the house looking for his dock.  On occasion, we have to pick him up and put him in the same room as the dock and close the door.6. He's a regular Lego kleptomaniac.  We have to keep my son's room closed or Debot will will gorge himself on the colorful blocks.  Lego Batman has finally met his match.Pros:1. He works.  He works in the sense that our house has never been cleaner and in the sense he's happy to go about working as often as you like him to.  It's because of this persistence that all of the other cons are overcome.  After having work once a day he routinely comes back with a chamber full of muck. (see image)2. He's small and autonomous.  He easily gets to place you can't.  If he gets hung up on an obstacle, he waits patiently for someone to free him and then goes right back to work.3. Dust collecting on the furniture seems to be less.  My guess is that by arresting fur and dust on the floor daily, there is less chance of it becoming disturbed and resettling on the furniture.4. He's quiet compared to the regular vacuum.  While my dog doesn't like him, she is less upset by his presence than by the regular vacuum. His noise level is something more akin to a dishwasher.5. While Deebot will not pick up after you, you will be more aware of the things you set down in your house because they are potential obstacles for him to ingest. Thus, it sorta forces you to become more organized.He's not for everyone but if you're willing to make some minor adjustments to your lifestyle, then you'll enjoy having him around.,Works perfect!  My buddy has one of these for his house, and I can't believe it took me so long to get one.  My house is a little over 2,000 sq ft., all hardwood, tile & stained concrete floor throughout, with area rugs in most rooms.  It vacuumed the entire house in about an hour and a half.  After a little bit of bumping around the walls & table legs, it seemed to figure out where it was and rarely went over the same spot more than once.  I have a few thresholds about 1 cm tall between bathrooms and the hallways, and it seemed to do just fine getting over those with ease.  I couldn't believe the amount of dirt and dust it picked up.  I am pretty good at vacuuming the house at least once a week with a conventional vacuum, but this little guy got dirt and dust in places i never would've thought.  I had to empty the canister 3 times while it was running because it was cleaning so well!.  I imagine the next time I use it, the floors & rugs won't be so dirty.  I love how it cleans under the beds and under all the tables.  It comes with a remote that is so easy, a child could use it.  There is an app that you can download, and it works perfect over your network.  You can even start it without being home, or set it on a schedule.  I'd say it takes about 3 hours to fully charge, and has about 2 hours of running time, once the battery gets to a certain low level, it returns to its home base to recharge.  It has no problem finding the charger.  A+,Love, love, love! We do not have any pets but we have 4 kids which probably equals pets! lol We constantly have crumbs, dried play dough, cheerios, etc all over our floor and I was getting so upset having to sweep or vacuum myself multiple times a day but not any more! I'm so happy with this vacuum! Not only does it get under areas that my upright vacuum never gets to, it actually gets all the dust and small crumbs leaving a sparkling clean result! We've had no major issues so far other than it has a hard time finding its base... but I haven't hooked it up to my phone yet so maybe that will help? Otherwise I LOVE emptying the canister because that means its picking up all sorts of things that would otherwise just be stepped on! I did a lot of research on the other brands out there and went with this one due to all the positive reviews and I am not disappointed and  will be referring this to all my friends!,I love the idea of the robot vacuum, when it did work is was great. I've managed to go thru 2 of these vacuums within 6 months. The first one died after a night of running in my house. The first error was side brush error, ecovacs replaced the unit no questions asked. The replacement worked for a few months but recently started getting bumper exceptions.. I was able to fix that poblem by jerking the bumper outwards, but after running again for 5min the problem returned. Since I don't feel like picking up the vacuum every 3min to pull on the bumper it's going back to Amazon and I'll be trying again but with a different robot vacuum.,Don't hesitate just do it! In the last year i've owned a iLife and a BoBsweep both fail in comparison to the DEEBOT. The iLife was nice but had 2 small of a "bin" to keep up with my 2 short hair dogs.  It also tend to get stuck on everything and after around 6 months the ilife had a wheel gear break rendering it useless. After reading many reviews I decided to go with a BoBsweep. It didn't last a week before I sent it back. It was massive and constantly malfunctioned. It would randomly just start doing circles and wound continue to do them until you reset it. It was really really loud, like normal walk behind vacuum loud. When it was running properly it would ring right into stuff like it had bad sensors or something. I have to assume this is a normal issue with the BoBsweep because it came with extra pads to put on the front so it wouldn't damage you furniture.Onto the the hero of our story the DEEBOT, Its awesome. Extremely quiet(like make you wonder if its running quiet) It cleans my dog hair covered hard wood floors with ease. Has severaldiffernt cleaning modes that all work as expected. The remote and easy to use and works better than any vacuum remote I have used. It also has an app that you can download to control it and set up multiple scheduled cleaning times. The app itself is super easy to use and synch with your DEEBOT. Seriously this thing is amazing, you're not gonna find a better smart vac, definitely not around the $200 price range.,I just love it. I set it to run after I go to bed and wake up to a clean floor. I have dogs and usually sweep every day and I have not had to get the heavy old cleaner out since I got it. It picks up all the dog hair beautifully. I have all hard floors and it moves great between rooms. I particularly like the edge mode that allows it to do the entire edges of the room. It is relatively quiet and has always found it's way back to home base when done with cleaning. I really like the wifi and app for my phone. I am able to run it when I am not even home. I am using my time I usually spend on my floors doing other chores. I could not be happier with this product and sorry I didn't buy it sooner. My dog is fascinated by his new friend as you can see.,For the price (relative to other robotic vacuums), I really like this one.  It seems to vacuum well and it's easy to clean/dump the dirt collected.  The phone App is appreciated and useful for scheduling or just being lazy and not walking over and grabbing the remote.  The downside to this vacuum and probably others is that it periodically needs to be rescued because it sucks something up it can't handle (power cord, some portion of a toy, halloween decoration, etc.).  Now, our house is larger than average and messier than average so it's not entirely fair to pick on it in this regard but when I no longer have to "pick up" my house or "block something off" in order for a robotic vacuum to run, then it will be 5 stars.  Until then, this Deebot (which appears to be similar to a couple other Roomba knockoffs) appears to come with a couple features others don't and at a price point that is better than many other options.  All in all, I would highly recommend this robotic vacuum.,I hardly ever write reviews and don't think I've ever done an unsolicited one but feel need to with this product.We had our first one for about a week and was working exceptionally well so wife suggested we get one for downstairs as well. At same time, we ordered one for son and daughter ( who also love theirs)However, the one we had for downstairs had an alarm I could not get to reset after using it for only a few hours. I called the company for support and got the traditional "All our agents are busy. Please leave your name...blah, blah, blah.Let me preface what I am about to say by telling you I am a little le bit of a skeptic when it comes to product support. I expected I was going to be making repeat calls and sending e-mail, maybe even sending back to Amazon to get relief. Within an hour I had received. A call back and instead of an individual asking me to stand on my head and hold my tongue a certain way, he said, "I've reviewed your message and the only solution I see is for you to send the unit back and we will send you a replacement."He then asked for my e-mail address so he could send me instructions for return along with a return shipping labelReceived within 24 hours via e-mail along with instructions indicating to let him know when it had been shipped and they would send out my replacement unit. Done. Received notification a day later and unit received as promised within the 3-5 business days.So despite having difficulty with a unit, the service after the sale was exceptional. Couldn't be happier.,At the risk of sounding totally misogynistic I will be honest, I purchased this as a gift for my wife. Before you get your pitchforks and torches understand this: it was a random gift, not one of the big ones (bday, mothers day, christmas.) Also keep in mind that my wife has a hard job of raising our son and managing out household and she was wasting at least an hour a day sweeping after our 2 furry freaks would shed their unwanted clumps of hair on our hardwood floor.The Process: Every day when I leave for work I turn on deebot, who we have affectionately named winston. He spends about an hour cleaning our living room, kitchen, and one hardwood bedroom (the rest are carpet and fwiw we don't use him on carpet.) Everyday when I get home my wife is refreshed, the floor is spotless, and my son is crawling around on the floor. We don't have to worry about him wallowing in the filth our dogs shed on the ground. It's just not there anymore. Winston keeps our floors really clean. It's amazing.Pros: Inexpensive but effective. Quiet. Improved wife mood. Rarely gets stuck. Multiple features makes spot cleaning or edge cleaning a breeze.Cons: The filter gets really dirty really fast. I'm sure thats an indictment of my house more than anything. Also hair can get caught in the two rotating brushes that keep them from rotating efficiently.Bottom Line: If you are in the market for a robot vacuum butler, this one won't disappoint.,I am so impressed with this little guy! I am the proud momma of 3 dogs who shed like crazy on dark hard floors. One of those 3 dogs is a Great Pyrenees which is basically like living with a polar bear that sheds chunks of hair every time it breathes. We recently redid our floors from white carpet to dark laminate and I instantly realized we would never have clean floors. After vacuuming and sweeping 2-3 times a day and still feeling hopeless - we found DeeBot. I would’ve sprung for a roomba but this guys was cheaper and got good reviews so I gave him a try.I seriously could not be happier with my purchase! He’s scheduled to clean 2x while we are away at work and it’s wonderful coming home to clean floors. He does the area rugs, the hard floors, the corners, the edges, all of it! It’s amazing. He literally does a better job than I did with my other vacuum because his little front spinny brushes get everything!Also - fun fact - my neighbors have a Roomba and they were over when DeeBot was runnin and couldn’t believe how quiet he was. They said their Roomba is so much louder. So that was nice to know.The only thing I will say about this guy is that he sometimes dies before finding his way back home. Not a big deal though because we just place him on the charger when we get home and he’s ready for another cleaning in no time.Seriously - if you don’t have a DeeBot, get yourself one. Then sit back with a glass of wine and don’t worry about a thing because your floors will be clean and you’ll be relaxing. You’re welcome.,Works really well.  Clearly has pretty good suction, and it is easy to clean.  Battery life is great.Taking off a star because:(1) I have relatively large HVAC grates in my living room, and this unit struggles with getting stuck where the carpet meets the grate.  The unit seems to be in-between sensing a drop-off and not, which makes it get stuck.  Not a huge deal, I just put some slippers in front of the area so it backs off faster.(2) The automatic charging station return feature does not work unless the unit is very close to the station.  Again, not a big deal to pickup the unit and put it on the station.This requires a little more supervision than I was hoping for, but I blame a lot of it on my apartment layout.  If you have a very straightforward floor plan, with uniform surfaces, this thing works amazing for the price.,This is at the basic end of robotic vacuum cleaners as you would imagine for the price. However it delivers good bang for buck. I originally rated it as "it's okay" = 3 stars but after some petitioning by their support team I've upped it to "I like it" = 4 stars. I'm not sure that such petitioning is a good thing, but I have also had more time to use the product and have updated my thoughts below. I do like, will use, and won't replace the product for a while.Pros:- Cheap vs. competitors- Very quiet. You can happily watch TV whilst it hovers about- Has a rotating V-shaped brush which pulls hair out of carpet (some vacs just suck without brushing)- Very easy to assemble and use- Can set scheduled cleans including via the app- Seems to pick up a lot of dirt and has a decent sized dust container- Low profile means it gets right underneath things more efficiently and more regularly than you can with a regular vacuum. E.g. under the bed, under the oven- Subject to some caveats below you can just set it going and it will genuinely clean your floors pretty well whilst you are out of the house or ignore itCons:- Cleaning algorithm is random (i.e. it sets off in a straight line, hits something, then sets off in another direction, etc, until it's full or runs out of battery). This seems to do a decent job, especially over a few runs in a week, but is not as thorough or methodical as a robot which calculates a map of the room and can therefore navigate its way around more efficiently. You also can't see where it has cleaned via the app, or send it to a specific location on the map (although you can steer it like a remote controlled car)- Gets stuck on long-haired rugs. If the pile is any deeper than an inch it will either get stuck (wheels can't grip) or the brush will get tangled. Annoyingly this means that if you're out of the house using the schedule system you'll need to shut off any rooms with, or remove, deep pile rugs- May get stuck on small/lightweight rugs e.g.bathroom mats. It will catch the edges and fold it over, but usually survives- Sometimes gets lost when trying to return to base (this is related to the lack of mapping highlighted above). It will usually find its way but if you're in the house and watching it bumble about miles from the base it can be frustrating. Worst case is that it will run out of battery somewhere and you'll have to retrieve it, but this hasn't happened yet- The anti-collision technology is not super sensitive. It will quite often plow into a table leg at full speed. It has a bumper to protect itself, and it is soft enough not to cause any damage, but don't think that it will somehow avoid a glass of red wine left on the floor- The charging base needs to be against an open part of the wall with about 5feet clear in every direction. This means you can't store it in a cupboard or out of sight. Mine is under a cabinet but still visible and it looks a bit messyOverall this is a pretty good product which I have begun to rely upon and use regularly. For example when I have finished cooking in the kitchen and there are crumbs on the floor I just hit the "Edge" button and it does a lap of the apartment sweeping up everything from the baseboard. Sounds lazy but it's nice to just have it done,We have another big name brand of robot vacuum, but we needed something for the sunroom. We just didn't want to spend $800 for one room, so we tried some of the lesser known brands. We sent two others brands back because they just didn't work. We gave the ECOVACS DEEBOT N79 a chance because of the good reviews. Wow, This thing works and has been no trouble on hard wood floors. The wifi does not work half of the time, but the remote and scheduler works great. The wifi has to be reset all the time. I really don't care about the wifi any way. I keep it on a schedule. The vacuum works. We have three cats, and they love the sunroom. This little vacuum keeps the sunroom floor clean. I only have to do touch ups about once a month.  It does not beat up our furniture and it rarely gets tangled up. Our cats will leave a toy in the way some times. It cleans edges very good also. For the money, this thing works every bit as good as the old Roomba 650. Maybe better. It does not map out rooms like my new one for the main house, but for one or two rooms, or a small apartment, this thing is great.,My husband loves the Deebot, this product is amazing. This was his Chrostmas gift, and he has been rating and raving about it. The filter is super easy to clean and is quite effective. One of the brushes came damaged but I bought the spare parts and swapped it out. Someone said that it came with batteries; I didn't have any I got them from Homedepot. It's been over 30 days, I would have complained but with a newborn my priorities are different especially since I just went back to working from 5am to 7pm. It truly cuts down on diat, goes across multiple surfaces and if it does get stuck it moves around or eventually asks for help with its beeping noise. The noise of cleaning is actually joderate, but less than the actual vacuum cleaner. My husband, daughter and son all have severe allergies and my son whose about 3 months now suffers from difficulty breathing. We keep our home as clean as possible, and the Deebot is amazng. My husband wanted something else, and now he is all for Deebot. Oh and you can have a little fun, I put an empty beer on it and maneuvered it to the recycle, it is very sturdy. Sorry no cats, we are a pet free household unless toddlers, newborns and the husband count.,Ordered late September, just took out of the box tonight, charged it,  but the poor thing doesn't do anything but limp around in tiny, jerky circles.  After a few seconds, it stops and gives the "Anti-collision bumper malfunction" warning beeps.  We've followed the included instructions, checked for debris, made sure the bumper is moving freely, etc., but no joy--it doesn't work.  Stupid us for not deboxing and giving it a whirl earlier, but it was waiting for us to get our new home pulled together and decluttered.  We were so excited for this, but it's a dud. We've heard terrific things, so maybe it's just a lemon?  Not sure how to get Ecovacs to help?,This is my first robotic vacuum and I have to say it works amazing. I have been running it via schedule to clean at 9am every day for almost a week and it's performed perfect. It's not one of the smart mapping bots that cost almost $1k it wanders and bumps things but it is keeping my floors dog hair and dirt free. The daily maintenance has made doing an actual vacuum way less frequent and for low the cost is on this unit I'm am thrilled with the results (very clean floors/no work). I would have to think the low percentage of people with low star reviews are either expecting too much or have a defective unit. Also please clear cords and laces from your floor and keep your place neat if you expect any robot vacuum to work well, they are for daily maintenance not a maid service.,Best decision was buying this. The first night it arrived my young teen son was excited. He programmed it,easily, to sweep the entire home. We have a single step down from the laundry room to the lounge room. It definitely detects the 2 inch drop and has not gone over the edge in the 7 weeks we have beenn using deebot.I have a very large dog which is half Saint Bernard. Lots of dander and lots of fur. I would have to sweep twice a day to keep up on everything. Now that we've added Rosie deebot to the family I only have to sweep once or twice a week and that is behind things that Rosie is not able to get to. When I purchased my new home I purposely had vinyl sheet flooring installed in kitchen, the living room, the dining room &  in the hallway due to allergies. I'm allergic to my dog so I was recommended to have flooring that could be easily cleaned and kept up to greatly reduce the irritants. It has texture and look of wood floors. Rosie deebot has no problems with it. The vacuum will go from the sheet flooring to carpeting in bedrooms without an issue. It's amazing to see how much hair and dirt come into your home once you get away from carpeting.. If it wasn't for this amazing Workhorse deebot I would be sweeping my floors every day multiple times to keep up with everything. The deebot can do a full sweep of the entire house on a regular basis and I've only had to empty out it's bin once a day. If I don't run it once or twice a day then I have to empty it more often due to the buildup of dog fur. If I go more than one day between sweeps I usually end up having to empty the bin out two or three times in one Full House sweep. The filtration becomes full of dander very quickly and luckily it is hand washable. Make sure you buy the kit for extra brushes and filters when you buy the robot so you don't have a headache later on when you realize you need to replace them and have to wait for them to arrive. Another reviewer suggested this and I followed suit.I have had the robot vacuum stuck underneath children's beds and other little tight spots. So you will have to listen for the beeps to go Rescue It. It's not likely you'll be able to get the children to keep their room floors immaculate. A sock sock or something else that's underneath the bed is great potential for the need of a rescue.Overall this was truly one of the best purchases I have made for our home. I have plenty of other things that need cleaned in the house so it's nice to have Rosie to help me out. A really nice vacuum would run you about $200 so why not just invest in a robotic sweeper and buy the cheap $50 push vacuum for cleaning the furniture, bits of touch-ups or other messes.It is five stars because it was a great price for a superb product. I'll check back in a year to give any updates.,We love this vacuum! I was skeptical, but my daughter bought it just after we put in laminate floors. We have 4 dogs and the fur was everywhere. This vacuum is so amazing. I cannot believe how well it works. The floors look great!,I'm sad that I returned this robotic vacuum.  It worked ALMOST as well as any could be expected to work.  In my case, it didn't work well with my low-pile carpet and became very slow.  If it had a little more power, I think it would have.  Fortunately, I gave it a thorough, whole-house test and returned it, but in in near-pristine condition.If it had encountered berber or other tight weave carpeting, it would performed flawlessly.  Here's my overall assessment and as a techno-geek, I have high expectations.*On tile and hardwood floors, it never faltered, and when it encountered an obstacle such as end table legs, it kept trying, looking for a way around or under them.*It has difficulty with throw rugs, but so does both my upright vacs.  Just remove them before setting Mr. Deebot loose.*Be sure to close doors to rooms you don't want cleaned and put a small barrier in rooms with archways without doors that lead into other rooms if you set cleaning on the remote to one room.*Occasionally it would get hung up in small bathrooms between fixtures and the wall.  But, it beeps 4 times in succession, repeatedly, to ask for help.*The remote has plenty of features including wall edge setting, room, (whole home), auto, and park.  The smartphone app also works on android and Apple tablets.  I could start Mr. Deebot (my affectionate term for this clever orb) from across the house through the WiFi connection.  Never failed to respond.*I never set it to clean my 2700 sf home at one time because I was busy evaluating it's efficiency in cleaning rooms of different shapes and different furniture arrangements,  but not once did the device need to return to the home charging station for a battery recharge.*Surprisingly, it is easy to clean and features a pull out box which contains the debris but also the filter.*I was delighted at the hardiness of the device.  It looks fragile but is built sturdy.  I doubt it would survive being dropped, and it avoids bumping against most obstacles but when it does, the bumps are gentle to avoid damaging the vac or furniture.*I learned to rearrange dangling cables like phone and speaker cords that are just above the floor although the device is amazingly low in height.  Preparing a room for Mr. Deebot was just a matter of minutes, and took far less effort than the manual operation of a corded traditional tank or upright vacuum.*There is a time setting on the remote and app which allows you to have whole house cleaning commence everyday at the same time.*It is well-engineered in design, function and appearance.*The manufacturer includes a spare set of rotating cleaning brushes and a spare filter set.  Nice touch.*I can not envision a more expensive brand or model costing 3-5 times this device that could do anything any better.*After cleaning to a point the battery needs to be recharged, it is supposed to return to the home charger.  As I never got that far, I manually tapped the return to home icon on the remote or app, and it began to search for a path to the charger.  Be sure to put the charging station somewhere against an unobstructed wall.  It may take some maneuvering, but the robotic vac will find it, line up, drive straight to it, and park which starts the chargjng.  Amazing.So, my conclusions?  This robot vac did most things as well as a manual corded vac, some even better.  It's not a toy, although my cat tried to stalk and stare it down.It is strictly to the consumer's benefit that this device is one of those rare instances where a much cheaper than other brands device is hundreds and hundreds of dollars cheaper, yet is so well- designed and constructed,  you feel like bragging.Although the manufacturer states it is designed to operate on low-pile carpets, it wasn't to my satisfaction but I believe it may have been my carpet pile characteristic.  Likely this would not be a problem for others, and, it never stopped on my rug, just huffed and puffed.Now, I've saved my best surprise until last.  This pint-size pie plate cleans.  After just three rooms, I pulled open the little drawer to check how much debris had been sucked and brushed into the bin.  I thought I had run over a small cat, as it was full of cat hair, lint and dirt tracked into the house, although we had recently vacuumed.  Imagine setting this device to clean everyday.  The challenge at first would be emptying the bin of trash, but done frequently, it should actually make your house cleaner.  If obstacles are removed for unobstructed travel, and doors closed where you don't want it to go, I have no doubt this little sucker would operate perfectly everyday while you are away.Now you can understand my withdrawal symptoms after sending it back.  But, I'm sold on this company and am considering replacing the N79 with another model, albeit more expensive.My recommendation is try it, and if doesn't perform up to it's stated standard and your satisfaction, exercise the best feature of Amazon within 30 days.  Bet you keep it., This vacuum is the worst. Not the worst vacuum. It is the WORST item in my home. I’ve used robotic vaccuums for about four years. After our first Roomba broke (lasted three years), we bought another, only to have that break in less than one year. I decided to try another brand, so after reading tons of reviews, I went with this one.There are a few pros, but the cons far outweigh the pros. That said, the pros are:It picks up some dustIt has never rolled down the stairs - the sensors do a good job of keeping it in the house.Now for the cons. The NOISE is truly unbearable. I hardly use this vacuum because it is SO LOUD. It alternates between loud and truly painful to listen to. I have to leave the house to run this (which is a problem... you will see why soon). I am sitting here running it now and just had to write this review because I feel like there is a powersaw is my house. It is terrible. My pets are scared of it, you can’t even hear a television over it, and because of this, I hardly use it.Now if I do run it and leave the house or go upstairs, if it encounters an area it gets stuck in - such as every single air vent, under our dining room table, under lower chairs, or on the rug, it beeps or spins until it dies. It destroyed a piece of trim separating our kitchen from our mushroom because it got stuck and just kept running and running until the battery wore out. This is why I don’t like to leave it running when I am not home; I was really upset to come home and find it trapped on the trim - with the trim literally eaten away underneath it.Whenever it rolls into our rug, it deposits a lovely pile of dirt and dust at the edge of the rug. We have hardwood and tile throughout and literally one rug in our first floor, and when I finish running this vacuum, there will be big tufts of hair and fur at the edge of the rug.This vacuum also struggles with getting close to the edges of the room. Those great sensors that keep it from plummeting down my steps also seem to prevent is from cleaning around my counters, baseboards, and furniture.Additionally, the dust tray is small and opens strangely. I need two hands to open it and because of how it opens (like a clam shell) there is always some spilled dust. The battery is pretty meager (it has never finished my first floor without searching for the charger) and the “find the charger” function is frustrating. If it does manage to make its way to the charger (which rarely happens), it can’t sit in the charge space - it just keeps pushing the charger around aimlessly until I pick it up and put it on the charger.I could go on and on about how terrible this thing is. I ended up just hiring a cleaning service. This was a waste of money and it is a piece of junk. Just listen to this noise. These reviews must be fake. I am frustrating that I fell for the reviews and wasted my money on this. Please do not buy this vacuum.,It left my floor looking better than ever! It is much quieter than the far more expensive  Roomba my daughter has, more like low background noise. The battery lasted for a few hours, and covered our entire ground floor, close to 3000 square feet. The filter and dust collector are very easy to empty, and so far, seem to attract dust like a magnet. I highly recommend it for non-carpeted floors. Don't be afraid of the lower price than Roombas! This did a terrific job.,We've wanted a robo vacuum (any brand) for a long time but hesitated to spend the big money because of the mixed feedback we got from our friends who tried them (mostly of Roomba brand). And then the black friday came along and brought the price of this Deebot down to a point we could take a chance. But now that we've been using for a few days, I wouldn't hesitate to purchase it again at full price.It is impressive how much dust it's been able to gather every day consistently. And that from a seemingly already clean home. It really goes under the furniture and gets to all the corners. It does get stuck occasionally, usually in the same place and we've learnt how to prep the house a bit before we go to bed so it doesn't get stuck. Deebot finishes its job and goes back to its home by the time we wake up in morning. Loving the experience.Now, we just have to wait and see how long it will last.,I've had this little guy for only a few days and I've been playing around with it. My initial impressions are very positive. I started it off in my kitchen which is ceramic tile. It had no issue navigating around the table and getting itself in an Austin Powers hallway zamboni situation with the chair legs, but it manages to free itself without issue. I then transitioned it into the living room, which is old carpet and full of pet fur. It seems that carpet really takes a lot of power to clean as it doesn't appear to last too long, but it does a darn good job of it. The most impressive part to me is that it not only picks up the fur, but the general dust as well. While the carpet isn't good as new, it's a heck of a lot better than it was before, as if I had vacuumed it myself. So far nothing has clogged it, and it's had no issue traversing transition strips or rugs, which impressed me. Even rolled over a large dog treat with no issue, and pushed a flip flop around.The remote that it comes with is easy to use, the instructions are simple and generally pretty fun to operate. I haven't managed to get the app to work with it yet, even though I'm on the 2.4hz WiFi. I just haven't dedicated enough time to it yet.My concerns would be that the device claims to have a 1.7 hour battery life, but it seems to be much less than that. It also freezes up and says it's either dead or stuck in one particular area in my living room that I would not consider a problem area, as it is in front of a closed door and the carpet is not rippled. I can't figure out why is doesn't like that spot. Also when it claims the battery is low, if it can't return within 5 seconds, it seems to just give up on life and you have to carry it home. All very minor issues to me, as I have a relatively small space that it is maintaining and it is full of awkward furniture so it tries its best.This is my first automatic vacuum and I am quite pleased with it. If it lasts me a year, I'll feel like I got my money's worth. I purchased it during Prime Day so I got a good deal on it, and so far I feel like that's the value that it's worth.,Add me to the list of people who were pleasantly surprised by how incredibly well this little robot works! No programming needed. Just unbox it, pop on the edge brushes, set it on the charger, and connect it to your WiFi through the app. The app is easy to navigate and  program. Set a schedule and let it go. I have a carpeted house with lots of classical furniture, not a modern, open space. This little guy did a great job navigating. I imagine it will work even better in a sparsely filled space with hardwood floors. For my situation, I consider it to be the Swiffer of vacuuming; that is, I'll let it do its job every day, but then do a move-the-big-stuff vacuuming myself once a month or so. That cuts my housework down significantly. The dustbin was packed full when I checked it - back on it's charging base - after the first run. Just manage any cords or clothes or things you have on the floor. This will even integrate into Alexa control so you can simply ask your Deebot to start working. -EDIT-: The N79 does not work with Alexa, only the R95 will. Several robots will work with the app, but the Alexa skill only says it works with the R95. I contacted Evacs and customer service explained the issue within 15 minutes. That was my error, and shouldn't take away from the overall impression of the vacuum. But I did put in a request to make the N79 Alexa-enabled be :-) As said before, I'm living in the future!,The vacuum does a nice job when it works.  The first one quit after a month.  It was replaced by Amazon.  The second one has worked about 3 months but now after it bumps into an obstacle it will spin in a circle and flash an error then stop.  I contacted the company, they responded within 6 hours and provided some trouble-shooting steps.  Good steps but ultimately did not fix the issue.  Contacted the company, they responded within a few hours to get shipping information and stated they would be sending a new unit out.  While i am disappointed with the stability of the unit, I am impressed with the warranty service of the company.  As stated, the unit when working works good - good suction, large holding tank.  I am hopeful that the third time is a charm.,Picture-this is how much dust DeeBot picked up from basically three rooms!  Yeah I was shocked too but the Neato has been out of commission for a while so extra dusty?!Initial review:Cons:Does not seem as robustly built as Neato.Neato must have more intelligent mapping of area.  DeeBot seems to bump into things more.  It seems to do okay with lighter colored objects but will bump into black objects.  Definitely could use optimized recognition here.  Maybe this is how they make it cheaper vs sophisticated sonar ranging on Neato.The motors are definitely not as strong on the DeeBot.  Where the Neato powers over carpets, the DeeBot noticeably slowed down.  It still worked fine and not sure if it really matters but the Neato definitely have more torque in the drive motors.Seems to want to run over cords and because lighter it got stuck on them sometimes.  It also ran over the top of a glass bathroom scale and got stuck.  Obstacle sensing not as good as Neato.Pros:Quieter than Neato.Brushes do a better job of baseboard cleaningSeal around dust bin is better than Neato.  No fine dust on DeeBot but on Neato there was always this fine dust coating everywhere.  HEPA filters are great but if not sealed well and air goes around it doesn’t work.  So, leads me to believe it was also spewing that dust back out into room?Battery life seems to be longer than Neato.Finds charging station better than Neato.  I took it upstairs to clean.  Brought back downstairs emptied and put on floor near trash can.  Pressed ‘Home’ and it found its way to the other room and its charging base.  Nice.Ran right up to the stairs, sensed drop off and turned around.  Way better than Neato which required magnetic strips to protect drop offs.Verdict:I like the DeeBot.  I see the pros in each but don’t see the DeeBot giving up anything in terms of cleaning ability.  Granted my Neato is older tech since its about 4 or 5 years old and newer ones are surely improved but I like the DeeBot.  Plus the DeeBot is literally 1/3 the price I paid for the Neato!  Right now the DeeBot is $30 off at Amazon so it’s under $200.  That’s a real value for the money.  I’m pretty happy so far.,I purchased the DEEBOT during a great sale and I am so glad I did! I had my eye on a robotic vacuum for quite some time, but couldn't bring myself to spend $500 after recently purchasing a Dyson. It never occurred to me to check out different brands on Amazon, but once I xMe across this deal and the excellent reviews, I had to give it a shot. My family has been highly surprised by how well the vac maneuvers obstacles and throughly sucks up all of the pet hair from our two cats and large dog! Our large open floor plan living / kitchen / dining / breakfast area needed to be vacuumed at least once a day and taking out the huge Dyson was always such a pain so it usually wound up sitting out in the open for days, which i found unsightly! I can happily tell you that since purchasing our beloved DEEBOT, I haven't even touched the big vac! Thank you ECOVACS for making this full-time working mommy of 3 kids life much simpler by providing a wonderful product at a price that cannot be beat! Like other reviews have mentioned, it is extremely quiet in comparison to the much more expensive brands! Score!,I am not impressed with this robo-vac. I have not been able to connect it to my wireless network (and I am a very tech savvy guy). I have also on occasion found that it leaves dust balls in it's path that seems like it came from the vac itself after having been in the dust pan. At present when I start it (manually as I have not been able to set up a schedule) it runs for two minutes and then stops (beeps and shows a red light). I have tile floors with a few low pile area rugs but it keeps getting stuck in various locations (never the same location). Just way too complicated to make it work the way it is intended.,I bought this vacuum after researching various robotic vacuums and decided that this was the best value in terms of cost and quality. I live in a two floor townhouse that is completely carpeted with my boyfriend and our two cats who like to shed. My boyfriend is actually allergic to cats so I'm hoping this is an investment to help him by running it every day versus the once a week we vacuum with our shark.The set up was straightforward and after charging the deebot for four hours we decided to try him out. I was amazed by all the dust, hair and dirt it had picked up after we had vacuumed only a few days prior. I set it using the remote to automatically clean every day while we are at work. While there were a few misteps in the first days as it got stuck under the couches or on the string for the blinds, we have worked out our issues and now deebot cleans and makes it back home to recharge every afternoon. I am still impressed by the amount it picks up even when running every day.  It has a low profile so it can easily fit under hard to clean furniture like couches and tv stands. It is fairly quiet and non-disruptive so you can have conversations, watch tv and continue daily life while it does run.The app was easy to install and connect the deebot to the vacuum on the wifi network. The deebot is responsive when I use the app to control it. I do wish the app had more information and showed cleaning history but that's not necessary. Maybe one day we will upgrade to the Alexa enabled version but at this point, this vacuum works well enough on its on we don't really need that feature.My cats are still not fans of deebot so we haven't been able to test the two cat limit while running it but I will be sure to update if there are any changes!,UPDATE: changing my review to 1 star. After the 15 or so times we used it, we started to notice that it would vacuum for a lot less time, leaving visible dirt behind. Then last weekend when there were some crumbs on the ground from my daughter's lunch, I hit the start button on the ecovac and nothing happened. I unplugged the docking station and replugged it in, hit the start button again and nothing. Took it off the docking station and put it back on, turned it off then on, tried a hard reset holding the start button down. NOTHING. So now, after only a few months and less than 20 times used, I have a worthless, broken vacuum and out $200. I DO NOT recommend this product at all. Extremely unhappyLove this little guy. Cleans super well. Like others have mentioned, it won't replace a thorough vacuum session but it will reduce the amount of times you need to. We run it two to three times a week since we have a dog and a toddler and it picks up all of the hair, crumbs, dust and cheerios. When we open the dust tray we are amazed at home much can accumulate in just a couple of days. Kind of grosses me out thinking about what we were living in pre Deebot.Pros- cleans super well- very quiet- programmable- my 2 year old thinks it's another family member saying "hi deebot" every time she walks by the docking stationCons- our power went out and deebot started running. We had to manually shut it off and put it back on the charger. Not the biggest deal but a small flaw. I reached out to ecovacs and they said they're working on it.- it's gotten stuck a couple of times - once trying to get under the sofa and once getting hung up on the edge of a rug. Weird because all of the other times it has no problem with the rugs and doesn't even attempt to go under the sofa because there's not enough clearance.Anways, pros far outweigh the cons. I'd 100% recommend!,How much praise should I give an electronic object? Well, much, much praise as it turns out. I love this vacuum more than anything I have bought myself in a verrry long time. Not only does it pick up more dust, pet hair, etc, than I could have imagined was even on the floors - it inspires me to pick up clutter and keep the floors clean enough to let it work. I love it so much that I ordered a second one for the upstairs so I can clean more often and more rooms in a day. It has helped so much with pet hair (we have three cats and two dogs) and with dust in general. Our house feels so much cleaner. The rest of my family makes fun of me because i love it so much. But, I am one of those people who love to be organized and have things clean, but am so busy with four kids that it usually feels like an impossible task. This vacuum has helped to bridge the gap between how I want my house to look and and realizing the reality of it. My words of wisdom are this:  beware if you sit and watch it - it may drive you a little crazy if you are like me, and think - why did it turn and not pick up that thing on the floor?  Never fear, its random path with lead it back to pick up what it didn't get the first 20 times through that area. I promise you, if you buy this, you will not be sorry!  :),Don't try to compare this unit with the more expansive Robots.  Yes, it has it faults. It has trouble finding the charging station, especially on low battery.  It does not clean in a set pattern.  The APP is OK.  Yes, it will get stuck in small areas so I placed pillows, boards, and rolled up carpets to keep the DEEBOT in open spaces.  Yes, common sense has to prevail.It Cleans Well, and is able to maneuver over most area rugs that do not have tassels or are light weight.  The filter is easily cleaned with a brush and can be washed.  Yes, for the price you can't beat this Deebot N79.,Suction and capacity is excellent. Blue tooth is a neat feature. Unfortunately I had to return it because it doesn't map and it cleans the same space multiple times. It just kind of goes around the room randomly and leaves a lot of spots unvacuumed. Also, it will be going straight and you think it's going to get the spots it forgot, and then it just randomly turns on a dime for no reason and goes off in another direction. That drove me crazy. Also, doesn't handle going up on medium to high pile area rugs very well. Will go over very low pile rugs okay though. It got stuck under the dining table amongst the chairs quite frequently, If you don't mind babysitting it, it's a nice vacuum for the price. However, the whole purpose of a robotic vacuum is no set it and forget it...  So back it went...,I named mine Betty... or Betty Bot.  She is amazing.  I have about 2/3 wood floors and 1/3 carpet on my main floor.  Betty cleans both surfaces like a champ.  I have several rugs of various weights and heights and she rarely gets stuck on any of them.  My wood floors are light and any bit of food or dust shows.  So, in my life before Betty (B.B.), I had to sweep my kitchen at least 2x/day.  In my life A.B. (after Betty), I never have to sweep.  I have her set to clean in the middle of the night and the middle of the afternoon and that keeps my floors pretty spotless with no effort on my part.I also move her to my basement which is all carpet and so I no longer have to vacuum and to my upstairs which is all wood floors so I no longer have to sweep.  It probably saves me 4 hours of cleaning per week.  So, that pretty much paid for itself within about 2 weeks.Features:Phone App - Works great.  Allows you to schedule when it cleans.  You can set different schedules for each day of the week.  It also keeps track of the life of the filter and brushes and lets you know when they need to be replaced.Stair Sensor - This works well.  She cleans right up to the edge of my stairs but never falls down them.Wall Sensor - She stops several inches from the wall most of the time.  When she is cleaning the perimeter of a room, she very gently bumps up against the baseboards and furniture so it doesn't leave any marks, even on my white baseboards.GPS - I don't know if she has any type of software to track where she has been but she always gets my entire house clean and doesn't seem to miss any spots.Dust Collecting Compartment - It's big enough that she can do my entire main floor twice without getting too full.  I usually empty her every day or two.Return to Dock Feature - I have had her dock on carpet, wood floor and even under a couch and she has never had any problem finding it and rechargingWhen does she get stuck?Occasionally she does get stuck.  If you have power chords that are unplugged, they may get wound up in the brush.  Blankets, shoe laces or fabric rugs will get caught up in the brush.  If you have a piece of furniture that is just the right (wrong) height, she may get wedged under it.  I have a treadmill that she gets stuck under for this reason.  I just put a pillow in front of it to block her from going underneath and that solves the problem.Buy It Here: https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B06XVXRYTM/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_57,*** UPDATE: had this five (5) days, but last night, started traveing only a few seconds until it stats to beep 4 times and shutdown, dead. I called customer service but got tossed to voicemail.  DEEBOT needs to make my brand new purchase 100% right. Hear me DEEBOT? I have more to say about this so, hope we chat soon ***I am skeptical product, thought it more a "toy" vs being a legit cleaning machine. I was wrong, way wrong. Bought the N79 model and found it working beyond claims made by ECOVACS. Namely, every review, every video, all of it - only shows DEEBOT cleaning a nearby room and adjoining room. Before purchase, I kept seeing many reviews asking the same questio: will DEEBOT go to the rear or distant areas of the house.  One comment even attached his floor plan and asked for some assurance if vacuum would work all areas or if it would get confused. So, if it works = they'll buy; if it gets confused = they'll pass.  ECOVACS never clearly answers that question. So ECOVACS, please clearly state: YES DEEBOT N79 can do that. In fact, the first thing mine did is that this vacuum will leave the area where it's being charged, went down my long highway and worked the back rooms then returned to work everything else. This does go to ALL rooms, not just nearby rooms.,I caught this on sale...and I was a bit worried it might not be up to par.  So far, it's amazing at mapping its area and it's got great suction.  I really like this item.,Great little robot vacuum for the money, tends to do a pretty good job if you can stand it’s randomness. Best to keep it to a single room, blocking entry ways with towels or something while it cleans, or it will head off to the far corners of your house and die there. It also has trouble with floor registers as it thinks it will fall off and stops with an error code. If you aren’t using it upstairs, Deebot recommended you tape over the sensors. For bigger houses, this might be too incovenient for a convenience product. I’m thinking about returning this and getting a Roomba 960.,To start, I want to be clear that my interactions with Ecovacs support were​ terrific. I am very pleased with the support they provided me, including a complete refund. I also want to note that we owned a Neato 4+ years ago, it lasted for nearly 3 years, so I have experience of how it should work in our house, and I had high expectations that in 4+ years technology would surely have improved.I purchased the Deebot N79 late October 2017. I ran it for a week plus, and almost every time the robot would be found stuck, or it failed to clean the entire room (I wasn't having it clean the entire downstairs area since it was having so much difficulty completing the family/kitchen rooms.) I called support to ask about the poor performance, and they suggested I return the unit, that it may be defective. Ecovacs emailed me a shipping label, and I sent it back in the original packaging.The 2nd unit arrived, and within a day, I was back to watching the unit run, waiting for it to fail/get stuck.  Watching that unit vacuum is simply upsetting ... since the unit does not vacuum in what would appear as a "predictable" or "rectangular" mode, it literally cleaned some areas 4, 5 times and did nothing in other areas. I'd love to have some proof that the unit actually covers the entire floor surface, as it doesn't seem to track the area that it completed, against the area that it had yet to complete (see my Neato comment below re: the completion map that they provide upon completion). I filmed instances when the robot took over 5 minutes to makes its way out from beneath a kitchen chair ... only to turn around, and go back under the chair, and repeat the process of being stuck, spinning, spinning etc..We also have an area rug, that is not thick/plush, but the sensors would rarely allow the unit to advance over the lip (yet it could do it ... because it would randomly go over the lip.)I emailed support, providing photos of the unit stuck on our carpet. The reply from Ecovacs was that because my area rug is black/dark, the sensors think that the unit is falling off the edge. They recommended I return it for a refund. They sent another shipping label, I returned it, and a credit was applied to my account. I was happy that the experience was over.Afterwards, I bought another Neato - the D3. It has performed amazing, it works logically (no random nature of cleaning), provides a "map" when complete showing the area it cleaned. The map is detailed enough to see the spots missed were the "feet" of the chairs, or areas that it was blocked from. The new Neato, like the old one, allows for magnetic strips to be used to instruct the robot to ignore areas. Just put the magnetic strips in the doorway, and the robot will limit the area to where you want it ... the only time the Deebot seemed to have any real strength was when I tried to block its way with shoes, or other objects, and in those cases, it would try to push thru, it was baffling to watch. The Neato easily maneuvers over the lip of the area rug, doesn't get stuck under chairs, completes the rooms every time, and completes in less time, and more thoroughly than the Deebot.As I said initially, I am thankful for the support group allowing me to return the unit for a refund. Unfortunately, I can't say that the Deebot N79 is a good unit, and can not recommend the purchase. I would suggest the Neato D3. It will save you the anguish of watching the unit randomly bounce around, repeating paths, and running out of battery life, or finding it stuck in the morning, the same place it was stuck yesterday, etc., etc., Let me tell you about Lola (her name).In a word, Lola is incredible. Read her reviews from the others and put me down for everything and a bag of chips. Lola almost works too well, in fact. She sucks up entire Q-Tips, Christmas tree light bulbs you drop and can't find..she finds them..., Legos, Americal Girl accessories...everything. She easily returns the bounty, but some of the larger things seems to get pulled behind the brush. Again, the unit comes apart SUPER easy to retrieve her deep internal stash.The iPhone app actually worked flawlessly. It downloaded, installed, found the home WiFi, accepted the password to login and viola...Lola hooked into the phone and got right to work. I have no idea how she found the base the first time, but sure enough, she locked onto that think like a fat kid with cake, docked and started getting her beauty sleep right away. Wow.If I had a complaint...Lola doesn't know any boundaries. Since she feels her way around using sensors and bumping into stuff, you can't set a virtual barrier to confine her. I'm sure this will not be a big deal once we get used to how she cleans, but it would be nice to set up the cones to define a cleaning space. I've not read all her directions (I'm a guy....I'll eventually read them...), so there could be a setting I don't know about yet.Otherwise, Lola is fantastic. The other lady in the house loves having her here and doesn't feel threatened in the least. In fact, I think the lady of the house and Lola will become the best of friends very quickly.Video is transition between tile, wood, area rug, and hallway carpet. Handles it easily. We have run her 25 times or so....after a few days yiurnhouse will start to feel much less dusty.,I bought this vacuum over the black Friday weekend for a great price.  This was my first robot vacuum.  When the unit arrived I set it up and off it went.  I probably have 2,000 square feet on the level it is on and it makes it all around most rooms, though it is very random and does sometimes miss areas.  It almost always makes it back to the charging station after 80-90 minutes.  Overall I was impressed with the dirt it picked up and it nicely fluffs my wool rugs that it easily goes over (no carpet).  But after three weeks of use 5 times a week it just stopped working.  Customer service was fast to respond and sent a new unit.  Unfortunately that unit arrived with a bad charger and I had already sent my old charger and unit back.  This was during the holidays and it took a little while to get a response but they did send out a third unit.  During this exchange period I did buy a Roomba 635 which I ended up returning because it was really loud and also seemed to randomly clean, it did not move outside the room the charging station was in, and it has the tendency to ram and damage floorboards and furniture legs, and it got stuck a lot.  The Roomba also is suction based (why it is loud) and it left unattractive random vacuum lines all over my rugs.  The Roomba also never made it back to its charging station.  I wish I could trust the Deebot it is much better than the Roomba 600 series, it is quieter, it doesn't ram furniture or floorboards and it only gets stuck occasionally on one ottoman I have that has an iron circular base on the ground that it sometimes manages to get stuck on.  My concern is longevity.  Seems like most great reviews are written the first few weeks and the negative ones seem to fall around reliability and longevity that often occur 6-8 weeks later.  If this one doesn't last more than a couple months I'll look to test out the Roomba 800-900 tangle free series.,Yes, as this is my first time owning a robotic vacuum cleaner, I am very satisfied with my initial experience. As with other products, I quickly tried to get up to speed on this technology (which I am admittedly late to experience) by checking out reviews on various websites, and as usual, there are so many products, reviewd by so many people that the difficulty of finding the right bot for my individual needs made me a little weary but, I tried to narrow it down using 3 criteria that helped me get it done.  (1) Customer reviews, (2) Product reliability/capabilities, and (3) Price.  As I stated early on, with so many products, and so many reviews, this Deebot N79 had consistently good to great, or excellent reviews and seemed to be a reliable unit for the price. Even with the occasional review of the unit getting stuck under, or in between some furniture, this was ultimatley not a deal breaker for me as I have in my 1st day experienced this already once.  Anything that is lying on the floor that is big enough, and not tied down, or if the sensors are occasionally fooled by tight surroundings, it could possibly be a problem, but usually, the bot will find its way out, and does try its best to free itself from the situation, and If your not at home, it will just shut itself off anyway without any further damage made to itself, or the surrounding objects. Setup is so easy with the N79,..5 min after unpacking, it was up, and running in Auto mode, and the first thing that I noticed was how quiet it was. The N79 also did an excellent job on my carpet making it look new.  The Charging unit for this model must be  attached to your base boards properly so that there is a clear line of site for the bot that is straight, and sure. From what I understand, the charger should be set in a space open enough for the N79 to easily manuever to it, and not be near reflective surfaces, and anything that could interfere with its infared signal. Just so you know, I purchased (2) N79's, why?, I was looking at comparison videos on YouTube because I was also thinking about buying the Samsung unit which is a bigger unit that is more powerful, and more expensive, and also has that cool mapping software, and in two of those reviews, there were three different bots, performing at the same time, throughout the home, and I noticed the units that were smaller, were able to get underneath furniture, where the other larger, more powerful units could not, but watching all of the units, working at the same time, was like watching a team of house cleaners going to work on the floors, in all different directions, it was fun to see, and could get so much more done, quicker, and with twice the results, and so a bot, that was 99% reliable, when it comes to navigating obstacles, quiet, easy to maintain, is inexpensive, and operates exceptionally well, sold me. I know that the N79's are probably not the best bot(s) on the market, and I really loved reviewing the Samsung with the mapping capabilities, but I think overall, this purchase "for me" was a good choice.,I do not write reviews often but I was very hesitant about this purchase because I am a firm believer in you get what you pay when it comes to a quality product. However, after taking a leap of faith I can tell you that you won't be sorry. Several friends of mine have different Roomba models and let's face it who doesn't like cleaning to be automated for us. But the price tag on any Roomba I'd want to purchase was just more than what I was willing to spend. After reading the reviews and doing some research I decided to try the Deebot N79.Like many of the other reviews, my vacuum comes back with a full dust bin every time it goes out and I have been running this daily since I got it.I use this primarily downstairs and I have an open concept home with all hardwood. The bot does an amazing job navigating around the whole downstairs and doing a thorough job of cleaning. This was a big concern for me because of the randomized pattern the robot takes but I can tell you I am impressed. The side brushes do a great job of allowing the vacuum to get under the cabinets, end tables and other nooks and crannies where dust/debris may settle. So in terms of cleaning this actually surpassed my expectations.Ease of use cannot be better - batteries in the remote and you're one button away from having the floors cleaned. I struggled a little bit with the WIFI connectivity and there isn't much on resources here to assist. But the app is easy, the biggest thing like others said is while in the app make sure to change your WIFI to 2.4 if 5.0 is what you're currently on. I'm not very patient and this is where I struggled - it seems like the loading circle while attempting to make the connection would spin forever so I finally decided to just leave my phone on top of the vacuum - came back 10 minutes later and it was connected.Battery life is great also. Charged it for the 4 hours like the instruction says before first use and now I get about an hour and a half or so run time. Robot hasn't had many issues getting back to the docking station- the worst being that it wandered for about 15 minutes. My wife wanted the base station to be under a decorative table just to keep the whole setup out of sight and the robot is able to make its way home without issues.Overall I'd suggest taking the jump and trying this thing out. I am very impressed, very satisfied and think the price point is well worth the purchase.,**Update: I've had this machine for about 4 months now. At this point I now get an error almost immediately when it starts its scheduled cleaning tasks. The error message in the app says there is a main brush malfunction. I clean the main brush and empty the bin every day, but I still get this message several times throughout a cleaning cycle. It has become almost useless with how often I am getting errors. I loved it at first, but I expected it to last longer than 4 months.We bought this while we were selling our house and had 2-3 showings a day. We have 2 large dogs, a malamute and a border collie and we were vacuuming several times a day for showings. During the course of one day, dust bunnies of fur would appear in corners of our house. Enter Deebot- we let it run once a day every weekday. It runs for about 1hr 15-30 min. before it goes to the base to recharge. During that time it fills the bin with fur and dust. Our floors look beautiful now and they are maintained every day.Pros:Clean FloorsCons:Depending on the room(s) which you are vacuuming, Dee can get lost and not find its way back home to recharge. Essentially it will stop where it dies and beep a few times. Not a big deal, you just have to go find it and return it to its charger. We didn't see this at our first house (700~ sq. ft), but we do see it at our current house (1500~ sq. ft.). Dee does not sweep in a logical pattern but bounces off of the wall. This means that the entire room doesn't get clean every day, but over the week, I think most areas get covered. I think a roomba which has room mapping would find its way home easier, but those are much more expensive.It doesn't vacuum rugs very well. We had a rug at our first house that it had no problems with. It was mostly white with black designs. Then we bought a different rug which is much darker and now when it gets on the rug it frequently errors. When I check the app, it says that it has fallen. On the times it doesn't error, it doesn't clean the rug very well so I clean the rug with a real vacuum.Dee gets stuck on appliance cords (of course). We also have a couch which it thinks it can go under and then it gets stuck at the edge because there really wasn't enough room. It does this with a lot of our furniture in fact- coffee table, end tables, etc. I also have found that it's proximity sensor is a little odd- it crashes into things frequently and then on other things it leaves a 3 inch gap.This is not a quiet robot. While we can hold conversations while it is running, it isn't ideal. I work from home and am on conference calls a lot. I schedule Dee to run during times I won't be on a call simply because of how loud it is. When I had a door on my office this wasn't as big of a deal, since most of the noise got blocked out.Overall for the investment, I am a very satisfied customer. I love how clean my hardwood floors are. We are a really neat family and the dog hair was a stress point- who has time to vacuum every day?! As a dog owner, I would say this little machine has made my life so much easier. While there are some pieces I don't like, the overall performance is worth the money we invested.,I have named mine "Lil Ed" and he has changed our level of clean!  I know people who have much more expensive models and I'm not sure they work as well as this little guy!  My sister in law raves about her robo vacuums.  I wanted to try a little robo vac in our downtown condo but didn't want to invest a large amount of money in it - (I remained a skeptic.)  So I just thought I would give this a try.  HE IS WONDERFUL!1.  He's quiet.  I can easily talk on the phone with no problem hearing or being heard.2.  He picks up most anything - and even gets the edges of the walls and right up agains objects.  Even most corners are reasonably done - I think thanks to the little brushes that come swooshing out the sides.3.  He doesn't care if someone dropped their shoes or clothes on the floor.  He can go over or around it.  And he patiently figures out new ways to clean around furniture that moves around, or chairs and stools that get left out or repositioned.4.  He can go over most cords that get left out without getting snagged up in them.5.  He easily transitions from hardwood to area rugs - and a couple of mine are pretty thick.6.  He can always find his way around - he finds every room - unless the door is shut.  And, he always makes it back to home base again.  (I don't know how well the "stair detection" works...we don't have stairs anywhere.)7.  The dirt tray holds enough to make it through a whole charge cycle without having to dump it.  (By the way...I also like that its small enough to kind of "pick through the dirt" to see if he accidentally picked up an earring that inadvertently fell on the floor or something else of value before I toss it away - can't do that with a big vacuum bag!")He isn't going to "deep clean" your carpets.  But with all the top side dust, dirt, lint and odds and ends getting picked up automatically each day...you definitely won't have to bring out your big, loud, cord limiting vacuum as often!I have never referred to a household appliance as a person before...so that just shows you how much I really have grown to love "Lil Ed".,Only had this product 1 week so this review is based upon that time frame. I live in a house where its just me and my 15 year old with a Husky that has more hair than imaginable....  I have ran the vacuum every day (and sometimes more than once) to vacuum 3 bedrooms that are upstairs and have all hardwood flooring.  The square footage of the space being vacuumed is about 600 square feet.  On a full charge, the n79 will run for over an hour and I am really amazed how much work it does...  I did not even realize how dirty those floors really were!  All of the Husky hair is picked up by this unit, yes, sometimes if there is a "wad" it will push it for a bit, but will eventually pick it up...  It also does an awesome job of getting underneath my bed as well.My only problem with the unit is that it loves to get caught on cords.  Any cord regardless of how small.  It seems to hunt down cords just to get tangled on them.  so plan accordingly and if your tv plug dangles behind a dresser and barely touches the floor, somehow, this guy will get caught!I was also concerned with my stairs.  I was worried enough that when I first got the unit, I did several tests with starting it right at the stairs pointed to them, setting it on the edger on the stairs, etc.  It never had an issue when I was standing there to monitor it.  Then today, out of nowhere, it took the fall....  It was only 4 steps, and it works fine afterwards (well so far) but I am concerned that maybe next time I wont be so lucky.  I am going to have to find a way to block them when I run the N79...Even with the cord tangling and now the worrying about the stairs, I still give it a 5 stars.  I cannot believe how much dust/dirt and hair it picks up every day....  It has also pushed items that I have thought lost out of random places.  I will update this review if I run into issues, but for now, a firm 5 stars for the amount of work it saves me at the price of a normal good vacuum.,I read reviews for this vacuum and the iRobot vacuum, and since they were so much better for the Deebot, and the Deebot was less expensive, I bought this one. I love this thing. It does a great job. I have a hard time keeping hair out of my carpet because I have a house full of nothing but girls, and we all shed like sheepdogs. I was a bit concerned if it would work on my carpet to pick up the hair. It WORKS! I did have to stop it mid-cycle the first time around to clean the hair out of the brush, but that hair didn't stop it from working. SInce the first couple of cycles, I haven't had to stop it. What I love most is it gets under my sofas, which I NEVER move to vacuum under. So much dust after 5 years. LOL....  Yes, I'm lazy like that. I keep a tidy house, but I don't move big furniture to vacuum. And now I don't have to. I ran it on the edge cycle so it ran around all the baseboards. Perfect. It's quiet, too. Not intrusive. And I love how my carpet always looks so vibrant now. I have a semi-medium pile carpet. Not low like Berber, but not high. I know that's vague, but not sure how to describe it. I have no problems with this vacuum. My kids are all wanting one now, too. Christmas gifts??? Hmmm....,This is a modified review after dealing with Ecovacs customer service for a few weeks (Cherry).We received our Deebot N79 a while ago. We were generally very happy with it and it's results extracting dirt from our carpet. However, we found out that it doesn't work well with our stairs. For some reason the bot would arrive to our stairs and stop and beep. It wouldn't continue working further until we moved it. After communicating the issue to Ecovacs we received a replacement for our robot but we found out that the issue continues. Further follow-up have had our robot replaced again and upgraded to a different model (M80 pro).The M80 pro worked as expected and we are very happy with it.I'd like to emphasize, the N79 is a great robot and it does deal with staircases well, but for some reason it did not deal well with our specific staircase.I feel like when you invest in a cleaning robot for your home over $200 you want a good customer service to back it up and we received excellent service. Ecovacs took the time to follow-up after each step in the process to make sure we are happy.If you are a first time buyer of an Robot Vacuum cleaner I would definitely recommend you to check out Ecovacs.We are very happy. Thank you Cherry and thank you Ecovacs.,I've had this for 1 month today. It's ran at least once a day, several times it's been used twice a day. There are some tiny little things I'd like to change if I could, but they are so minor and it works so well that they didn't keep me from leaving a 5 star review. Sometimes she seems to have a hard time finding her "home" (charger). If I see the battery is running low and I use the home button on the remote to send her back to her charger she almost always stops and turns in the opposite direction and goes into the next room and roams around for as much as 15 minutes looking for home, even if she's 4 feet from the charging base when I send her home. Once the battery died during this and I had to go look for her to carry her home. That's kind of frustrating, but 90% of the time she cleans until she's done and goes home on her own so it's not that big of a deal compared to the time I've saved. I cleaned my son's carpet with my upright vacuum, and then put the Debot in there...I was shocked at how much the Debot picked up that my upright missed! I got this on Black Friday for $149.98 and really wish I'd bought 2! I did purchase the extended warranty based on other reviewers saying it stopped working after a month, but so far it's still going strong. We have hardwood, linoleum, and low napped carpet and it does great on all of the surfaces. She has picked up my bathroom rug and dragged it out of the room once, so if you have a lot of rugs it could cause a problem. We have a cat and the Debot has helped more than anything I've ever used to get cat hair up, if you have a pet in the house I highly recommend this!,We love our little Deebot N79. So far I've run him every day, sometimes with a specific task like edges, or a room, and sometimes we just let him roam around the house. He's just fun to watch! Even though our floors are kept very clean with a regular vacuum, Deebot still picks up a surprising amount of dust that was missed. He's really good at cleaning under beds which has helped with our dust allergies. The instructions say to place the charging station in an open area, but we didn't have a place like that except for right in the middle of the house where it would be a tripping hazard. Not to worry! We placed ours in a tight spot in the bedroom, which still works. We just guide Deebot into the general vicinity so he can detect the charger and roll into it. If you don't need anything fancy, like wet mopping or communicating with Alexa, this one will work just fine for you.,This vacuum was a pleasant surprise.  I spent over $300 on a robot vacuum that scans the room and had all the bells and whistles then it died completely after two years of service even after replacing the batteries.  So I was hesitant to spend anything on something like this.  However, we have a Siberian Husky and hardwood floors!  You can just imagine the dog hair!!  I must say, for the money, it’s worth it!  No frills robot vacuum that is easy to use, does the job and rarely gets lost or stuck.  Does great on hardwood floors!  One must remember that a robot vacuum does not replace an occasional “real” vacuuming job, but it sure helps keep your home looking tidy on a daily basis!  This was a good purchase!,I was in the market for a robot vacuum but didn't want to break the bank. After closely comparing with similarly priced models, I decided on the Ecovacs Deebot N79 and I'm thrilled with my purchase. This is my first time owning a robot vacuum so I don't have anything to compare it to, but highlights are below:PROs:-Great suction power (better than expected); perfectly removes tumbleweeds of pet hair-Lower height than other robots so it fits nicely under all of my cabinets & most furniture-Multiple cleaning modes (I find the "auto" and "spot clean" the most useful)-Works with both the remote & app; can control the robot when I'm not home as long as I have a wifi connection-Comes with additional brushes and a replacement filterCONs:-This model doesn't work with Alexa, but I was aware of that from the beginning and decided it was worth the trade-off at this price point. My understanding is newer models will be Alexa-compatible moving forward.-Sometimes it does a great job sensing my furniture and sometimes it plows full steam ahead. For whatever reason, it has trouble sensing my wood dining room table and its repeated ramming has left noticeable scuff marks on the legsOther general things I think potential purchasers should be aware of (that I imagine are universal issues for all robot vacuums, not the Ecovacs Deebot specifically), is that they tend to get caught on wires and high-pile carpet. Fortunately, 90% of the surfaces in my apartment are vinyl so this thing works like a dream. Also, if your pets shed as much as mine, you will likely need to empty the bin daily.Overall, I am absolutely in love with this little robot that whimsically bounces around my apartment and it has drastically cut down on how much I have to manually vacuum. I'm not sure how I made it this long without Deebo (as he's been affectionately dubbed) in my life, but I'm sure glad he's here now.,This little robot has been a life changer for me! With 5 dogs (three big dogs and two small dogs), three cats and my personal obsession for clean floors, I was vacuuming about twice a day to stay on top of pet hairs which would show up on my floors.  Since I purchased this robotic vacuum this winter, I do not have to vacuum at all during the week.  Please keep in mind that this vacuum is not going to replace a deep vacuum clean, but it will work wonders to keep on top of your day to day pet hairs and dust which builds up and tends to become visible on hard floors.  I have used this robotic vacuum with no issues on laminate floors and ceramic tile.  A few times I have forgotten to close the door of carpeted rooms and the Deebot N79 did a decent job vacuuming the carpeted area as well.  Said this, when used on carpet, the battery for the N79 died real quick in comparison to the battery life when used on hard floors.  The Deebot N79 does wonders at vacuuming pet hairs, crumbs, cat littler, dust and the odd pellet of cat food.  I highly recommend this product and I have no significant complains regarding the Deebot N79.  When first starting to use the Deebot N79 you might have to do a couple of test runs to determine if there are any areas where it might get stuck.  My Deebot N79 initially kept getting stuck under my couch but all I had to do to solve that issue was pace some of my couch pillows in front of the couch to avoid that from happening.,I like the little critter.  You really need to read the instruction manual and get familiar with all the buttons on the remote.  It does do a decent job of vacuuming floors and seems to get a lot of the cat hair that is always floating around.My one issue is that the manufacturer recommends leaving the unit turned on and in its charger when not in use.  I live in northern Arizona where we get frequent thunderstorms and power outages almost daily during the summer.  Every time the power shut down and restarted the little one would leave its charger and wander through the house cleaning.  The first time I found it huddled in a pile of cords (which I normally would have picked up before vacuuming) and the second time he was stuck behind furniture.  From now on, he is left on under supervision only and turned off when I am not home.I will read the instruction manual further to see if this can be alleviated somehow.  Otherwise, I'm glad I got the little guy.,I have to say I was a little meh when I bought this.  The wife really really wanted it thinking it would improve our dog hair situation and I have to say this thing is amazing.  So just wanted to point out a few things.First off a lot of people said when they told it to go back to home it would just wander around the house and never find it. Fact is it will it just takes it a while. This is not a super smart vacuum when you tell it to go back home to charge or when its battery is low it keeps the same logic )for the most part) as when it's vacuuming it has no idea where it is in relation to the base station it's just searching for ir signal. Once it sees it it locks on and goes home.Next read the setup guide / manual for placement of the home station it'll help I promis.We also had some teething issues with debo getting stuck on things or getting trapped. A few tweaks of furniture placement and a couple of well placed kids toys and bam he will run till the battery runs out every time less he gets stuck on our rug.So that brings me to the rug. We have a 6x10 thick almost like shag area rug that debo sometimes can clean and sometimes not. I would say 80% of the time he's normally good to go it usually only gets stuck when we're in bed lol.  So if you have long pile carpets keep that in mind. Normal carpet tho it works great on. Our first floor is mostly hardwood and boy oh boy the amount of dog hair and dust this thing picks up and honestly disgusting.Last but not least I would consider these robo vacuumes kind of like a maintainer. Running them everyday is amazingly helpful in keeping the floors clean but well clean the house with our upright vacuume once a week and still pull up massive amounts of dog hair so while these robo vacuumes are again amazing it's not a complete replacement,A couple of my friends have these vacs and they love them. It didn't work so well for me. I think it just has to do with what your area looks like. It only cleaned about half the dust under my bed. It went around in circles under half my dining table and never got to the other side to clean. It got stuck under my dresser, a bookcase and the media center. In all 3 cases I had to lift the pieces up enough to get it unstuck (I'm 70 years old....not a good idea to be picking up furniture). It made it up and over one side of a large throw rug but got stuck trying to go back over it from the other side. It got stuck going from the kitchen to the dining room because there's a little transition piece from the tile to the wood floor.....you get the idea. I was exhausted and finally just told it to go back to its dock. Sent it back., This robot vacuum is absolutely amazing. It arrived yesterday and the setup could not be easier. I charged it for the recommended 4 hours, downloaded the app on my iphone and connected Wifi, and let it fly! I was astonished as to how efficient this little sucker (you see what I did there?) is. I have 2 dogs and it picked up an insane amount of hair, dust, and debris.My absolute favorite feature is the application. I figured it may work only if I was connected to the same WiFi network, and to my great surprise that is NOT the case. I'm sitting at work right now and I'm watching this little thing work its magic. I was able to tell it to start cleaning from my office - and that's exactly what it is doing! So amazing,Update April 29 '18:  We lost the WiFi connection.  Unable to establish WiFi again.  Remote working well enough that we don't miss it much, just miss the bot's monitoring of the serviceable components.This is our first robotic vacuum, but we use it regularly with great success.  The first time we turned it loose, we were shocked at the amount of debris it picked up from our 'clean' floors.  In winter, we supplement heat in our house with a wood stove and this little wonder cleans the mess around the hearth in a few moments using the optional directional controls on the remote, so the remote is useful for more than the basics.This DEEBOT N79  cleans our tile floor well, we don't like to step on anything while walking barefoot, our N79 obliges us.  After the transition from tile to our persian rugs, the bot hops slightly for eighteen inches then settles down and cleans the rug.  The thin rugs by the outside door don't make it bounce.  You can rename your bot using the APP.  Using the WiFi APP, we renamed our N79 after two coworkers from the past, and it is fun to tell our 'MelBobBot' to "Get busy and clean the floors."  ;)That brings us to the WiFi APP.  It works!  The APP monitors several useful things in real time, as well as functioning as another remote.  First, it reports the battery charge state.  The WiFi APP will schedule cleaning tasks, and monitor the "Accessory Life",  showing service life of the side brushes, main brush, the filter in real time.  These features are very useful to us.The BOT has educated us about it's quirks too.  Okay with us, it wanders in what appears to be haphazard patterns.  Some of the more capable BOTs memorize your floor plan and clean it more efficiently than our BOT.  We aren't willing to pay twice as much for one of those BOTs, this one is fine for us.  The N79 will "see" a light colored obstacle, stop short and avoid it.  It does not see a dark object and will touch it and change direction. The touch on a dark object is gentle and does not seem to harm the finish.  Empty the debris frequently.  Cleaning the debris canister is easiest using a little compressed air.  You can dump the canister, then blow the canister and filter clean and it is ready to go again.The moving parts of the vacuum are easily replaceable and the replacements are available on Amazon.No regrets with our N79 MelBobBot.P.S.  We park our N79 under a cabinet in the living room, (it isn't visible unless on our knees).  Here are two pictures, one viewing from the floor and another from above and looking down behind the cabinet.  The charging base is stable in our configuration.,After a couple weeks of use, this vacuum is the best money we’ve ever spent. This thing gets all our lab’s hair and everything else along the way.The attached picture is from a test we did, running it AFTER my wife vacuumed the house with our dyson to see if it would pickup more than we were already getting.I’m not sure if its more a testament to the N79, or a critique of my wife’s vacuuming skills...you decide.You need to make sure you don’t have small socks or things laying on the ground because this beast indescriminately consumes all that gets in its way. Definitely works best on hard floor and flat woven type carpet, but we put it on the long shag carpet and it still ran, abet sounding a little strained.Now for the best part...you can drive this thing with your smartphone! It’s pretty dang quick and nimble once you get the hang of it too. Just be careful, after some fun, our two year old and the dog now run away when they hear the robot beep as it turns on.My only complaint is that Deebot does not supply a specification on how much weight this thing can carry. I’m pretty sure the top is flat so you can put a cooler with some beer in it and let her roam around the house, but are we talking 6-pack? A twelver maybe? I’ll test it out and get back you all of you.,So far so good. This is my third try for an affordable robo vac. The good:1. It picks up plenty of dirt and has decent size dustbin. We have a cat and Springer Spaniel and this fills with hair almost every day. Seems to cover our entire downstairs pretty good. Lots of chairs, tables and big kitchen island separating living areas.2. It doesn't bang into as many objects as the Oregon Scientific. Does bump more than the Proscenic. But acceptable.3. Noisier than the other two but acceptable. The noise is more drive train than suction like the other ones.4. Right height for my furniture.  Measure your couch height and cabinet kick plates and anywhere else that the vac might get stuck under. The Prosceneic was really nice, but was just the height where it would jamb halfway under the couch and under our cabinets in the kitchen. The Oregon S would fit under the couch on one side but not the other. This unit will not go under the couch which is OK by me. The only time it has got stuck was when it got trapped between a couple of chairs under our table. We have to be careful to keep the chairs centered when the vac runs.The Bad:1. It might be me, but the drivetrain sounds like it is labored when it is scurrying around. But it is doing its job so I hope the sound is just an annoyance. The Oregon S was a beast and would fly around and climb over anything. It was actually too strong and would climb halfway up our cat tower so front end was off the ground and jostle itself back and forth for several minutes before getting itself back on solid ground. The Oregon S broke several side brushes in a matter of days and I think it may be because it was so strong. This unit is slow and steady.2. The App is a pain in the butt to get to work. I spent hours and hours trying to connect to the App and was almost going to return it. I'm not sure if this did the trick, but I finally renamed our router with a short name and hid the 5g SSID. It finally connected after that.3.The app is really basic. I expected it to have a mapping feature so I could see what area it actually covers. Hopefully they will update the app with more features.I'd give it 5 stars if the app was better. For the price range I'm happy. It picks up dirt while I sleep and that's what I wanted.,My wife loves it, that's all that matters.  The unit was easy to set up the WiFi so you can use your IOS or Android Phone to control the unit and it also comes with a remote control.  Even though it says it comes with batteries mine did not.  No big deal, so don't tear the boxes up looking for them.  The charging dock is easy to use... When charging the unit slow flashes its power light on top so you know when it is charging.  The suction must be real good because we have emptied the unit 4 times in one day.  It does go places we very rarely vacuum like under and behind the couches.  Would recommend highly to all who don't like to vacuum.,As with all of the other brands of this generic vacuum - yes, all the various brands that look like this are the same item, to the extent that the remote from one will operate the others - the sensors that prevent it from bumping into things quit, causing it to, naturally enough, bump into things.  This one lasted about 5 months which is 3 months longer than the previous (other branded) two I bought and/or had replaced.The "manufacturer" will fall all over itself apologizing, acting like they've never heard of this happening, telling you to clean the sensors (which works for awhile and then doesn't), seeking your input, asking for videos of it bumping into things, replacing the item, etc... but in the end these are cheaply and poorly made.  I'm convinced they will never work for very long.,Had it for over a week and we absolutely love it. Works great. My home is 1200sqft of hard wood and 2nd level with 1200sqft carpet. We are amazed with how well it cleans both the hardwood and carpet.Snapshot:- Works great on both Carpet and hardwood with few rugs- It avoids bumping into objects - except black objects and obstacles smaller than inch high- Cleans near the edges - almost upto an inch from the wall- Easy to empty the bin - bin could be a little bigger - have to clean after each run- Cheaper accesories - no complaints there- App - very basic app and easy to click===Update===- Deducted 1 Star:After 2 weeks of use, the bin is becomming a pain. There is no indication that the bin is full until it is too late, Ecovac keeps on moving without cleaning much. When you remove the bin be cautious as there is not much of a lock, it opens and drops lot of it on the floor...,I’ve had this vacuum now for almost 30 days and have used it once a day for the entire time I’ve had it. I live in a desert and have two dogs that have access to the backyard via a doggy door 24/7. They are always bringing in sand/dirt via the dog door. It drove me insane in addition to the dog hair that would accumulate. Prior to this robotic vacuum I would vacuum the room that led to the dog door at least once a day and the whole house at least once every three days. Now I just come home from work and turn on the robot vacuum and get to either spend a little quality time with my toddler or put my feet up for a bit. It has saved me so much time.It does an exceptional job of getting dirt/sand off of laminate and tile flooring. I used to have to both vacuum with my big upright vacuum AND give it a quick wipe down with a wet microfiber mop to get the floor clean enough to not drive me nuts (especially with a toddler running around the house). Now i just turn the robot on. No mopping required except for when I do a regular cleaning once every week or so.That being said we do have a handful of transition pieces on the floor between the tile and laminate. At first the robot never got stuck. Now it gets stuck an average of 2-3 times per vacuum session which can be somewhat annoying but my toddler likes it because it’s the only time he gets to touch the robot is to get it in-stuck. It also somehow manages to get underneath a barstool and then cannot find its way back out. I sat and watched it for 15 minutes once figuring it would eventually find its way back out but it never did. So I’m always home when I turn it on.It also has a hard time finding its charging station if you hit the home button unless it’s in the same room. Maybe it’s just my house layout.The other thing that can be frustrating is the dust bin is difficult to get out as it feels like it’s gets stuck and then once it finally comes free a lot of dust gets let loose because the back of it is open and it takes a decent amount of force to get it open in the first place. I clean it out after every vacuum session. It doesn’t hold a lot but for my 1200 square feet section of house that I have it vacuum everyday it’s sufficient.I cannot speak to the WiFi connectivity or the timer as I prefer to be home when it’s running in case one of my dogs decides it’s an imminent threat.Also to note is it really isn’t that loud at all and we frequently have t running during dinner or while watching a show on tv.,Very quiet! You have to be in the same area to hear it. Cleans remarkably well too! I have two cats and two kids at home an it keeps up with all of us..But it has a small dust bin and it cannot find its charger when its dustbin is too full, which inevitably happens before the job is complete. Also,the pattern is so random and it repeats the same areas so many times, i doubt it would ever get the job done. My main floor is only about 1200 square feet so it isn't too big and its an open floor plan. Also, it cannot seem to get itself unstuck from underneath furniture that is just a hair too low, so I had to put random items under a couch and a chair to keep it from going under them. I also had to remove a rug that was too high and put in a low pile rug in front of said couch. I'm not sure if the Roomba has the same trouble? But it you are prepared to make a few adjustments to your home and expectations, at 200 bucks it's pretty good.,I got this vacuum to replace one of my Neato's that was getting old.  It just does not even compare to the Neato's capabalities.  I have a very low carpet in the bedroom which the Deebot should handle; however after running it for over an hour in my bedroom it picked up just about 1/4 cup of dust.  I then ran my Neato over the same area and within 5 minutes the Neato's dustbin was full.  The Deebot also got stuck about 6 times in that hour on little things, like the edge of a dresser or under a table with legs about 2 feet wide which it should have maneuvered around easily.I then tried it in my kitchen; once again it ran for an hour and missed spots and got stuck. under the cabinets.  It picked up hardly nothing and when I swept with a broom afterwards there was all kinds of missed dust and crumbs. The Deebot does not remember where it has been and only changes directions once it hits something.Back in the box it goes for a return.  Thank goodness Amazon has such a great return policy.  Bottom line, you get what you pay for.,We bought this as a replacement for our Roomba (860 model, I think?). We just couldn't stomach shelling out $600+ more dollars (again) after ours had only lasted us about 1.5 years. Granted, we have a heavy traffic household, with dogs, teens and a toddler.We weren't sure what to expect with this guy, but man - super impressed! Some key points:First off, it's quieter than the Roomba, a lot quieter. Our son was scared of the Roomba, we couldn't turn it on when he was here. This one doesn't bother him, or our dogs and I can tolerate it moving about while I'm working at home.Second point - it has higher capacity than our Roomba. Picks up a lot more and holds a lot more before you have to empty. The (very) slight negative is that you have to be careful when opening the cartridge to empty it - it opens in the middle and is very easy for dirt to fall out. Once you get the hang of it and are prepared (like, being completely over the trash can before you even consider opening), you'll be fine.Third point is that our Roomba was steady getting things clogged in it's wheels and in the cartridge. Again, multiple dogs, lots of hair. This thing has had no hiccups and unless we don't empty it mid-cycle (we have to do this with all the dog hair), it has no issues keeping everything in the container.One last important piece is the range of space it works in. The Roomba would make one or two attempts to follow a corner or edge of something, then it would kind of spastically go in another direction, or just keep running into the space. This thing will hit an edge, readjust a little, and keep trying (while continuously adjusting) to follow your corners, walls, etc a lot better. It picks up more of the hair/dirt that collects along those barriers. It also seems to cover more ground more evenly, our Roomba seemed to have some favorite spots and would ignore some of the rest of the space.Highly recommend this thing, wish we would've known about it sooner and saved a LOT of $$$.,This is a pretty good vacuum. Sometimes it does get stuck but for the most part it normally can get itself out of a corner or situation.  It really does pick up dog hair and basically anything that a normal size vacuum picks up. Great buy!!  I've had this for about 6 weeks now and for some reason it will not continue to charge on the docking station.  It finds its way starts to charge and then it stops.,After reading tons of reviews and doing lots of research on the internet I purchased the Deebot N79 as a Christmas gift for my wife. The N79 worked well for about 10 days and then it started having programming error codes that would come up, causing the N79 to stop working and/or to spin in circles or its brushes to not spin. I tried every fix I could find in the owner's manual (which was not very helpful) and on the internet to no avail. I returned the N79 back to Amazon for a full refund and I took a chance and purchased a second N79 in the hope that the first one was just a dud. The second N79 was packaged quite differently than the first one I bought and it had a lot of stickers/labels attached to it that the first one didn't have. From the first time I ran it I noticed an immediate difference in the power of the motor, what debris/dust/dirt/hair it picked up and it ran 3x longer than the first one did. I have been using it now for almost 6 weeks and it has been incredible at what a good job it does cleaning my floors. I rarely have to use my Rainbow vacuum cleaner anymore. My best guess is that the first one I purchased was some kind of a factory refurb that was sold as new, which is inexcusable, but does happen. The second N79 has performed flawlessly just as the reviews described it would and I couldn't be more happy with it. NO way I would give it (5) stars because of the first one I purchased, but after seeing how the second one has performed I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to someone looking to purchase a robotic vacuum cleaner.,Love my DD2. My kids named the bot and treats it like a pet, sometimes feeding it small pieces of paper on purpose. Cleans well, very quiet, great on carpet, tile, wood floors. Love the edge mode to clean around each leg of dining chair and around each leg of dining table, cleans along baseboards from room to room. Also the spot-clean modes to focus cleaning in an area. I use the scheduling option (auto mode) via the app, DD2 cleans 4 rooms plus hallway while we sleep and we wake up to a clean house. We just make sure to clear the dining chairs so there's a clear path under the dining table where lots of crumbs can be found. Also leave the doors open so the bot can cross from one room to the next. Close the door that you don't want the bot to get into. We have a small half-bath that I fear DD2 might get stuck in so I make sure the door's closed. Remove flimsy rugs from the floor. The app reports on battery charge status, estimates when you need to replace the brushes/filters. So far, I'm very happy with my purchase and feel it's worth the price I paid for it. Thinking of buying another one for the upstairs. I tested it and the drop sensor works, DD2 avoids falling down the stairs.The app also has a 'Find' DEEBOT option. As long as the bot is charged, it beeps when Find is pressed, so you can find it if it's stuck somewhere.,I normally don't write reviews, cause I am a busy mom who usually does stuff with her kids. But I wanna tell you about this amazing contraption.First, lemme explain my household on any given day. We have three cats in our home plus a brand new litter of five kittens, we have one dog who is allergic to everything environmental (and because of this she sheds like crazy), there's my husband (who has long hair and is a shedder), there is me (long-haired sheddar), and three kids (all monsters under the age of 10). There isa thin layer of dirt, litter, and hair EVERYWHERE. I was having to sweep constantly. I tried vacuuming, which helps a little, my broom saw better days and I was constantly screaming at everyone when I had to clean. I've been begging for a smart vacuum now for a while. My husband finally broke down and found this bad boy.Alfred,the vacuum, arrives in the mail. He was super easy to set up. Then when he started to clean he was super quiet. My aunt had two of the original smart vacuums and it sounded similar to a 757 landing in a wind tunnel. In addition to being super quiet it gets our dirt up terrifically.Alfred runs 4 times a day, and gets more dirt up than I did with a broom 12 times a day. My family is happy, I'm not screaming about what messy pigs they are, and we are happy. If the kids track in more dirt than normal, my husband even lifts a finger to summon Alfred.Alfred has even managed to make my husband pick up his dirty clothes and put them In the hamper (it woke him up one night, sounding possessed, cause his sock got caught in it) which is something I haven't accomplished in our 4 year marriage.Overall Alfred has practically saved my marriage and my sanity. Thank you ECOVACS.,The floors in our single level home are all hardwood with area rugs. We had never owned an robotic vacuum so I did a great deal of research. Roomba, Neato, and Ecovacs seem to be the major brands with US based service and support and I compared their offerings carefully. I ordered the Ecovacs Deebot N79 based on a combination of features and priceOur first impression was one of amazement as it navigated the house on a daily basis picking up copious amounts of dirt and cat hair. The modest-sized dirt bin was always full but easy to empty although some cat hair was invariably embedded in the primary brush. The daily cleaning schedule worked flawlessly. We hit a snag after a couple of weeks when the wall senor stopped working and it began banging into the walls. Ecovacs responded quickly and followed up with an offer to replace the N79 within a few days.We continued to use the N79 while awaiting the return labels and our second impression became a bit more critical. Our home has a large great room, kitchen and eating area in the center flanked by bedroom wings on either end. One wing contains a den which has a wide opening to the great room at a 45 degree angle. We become impatient with the N79's seeming obsession with repeatedly cleaning the den. We also noticed that it was challenged in consistently navigating the corridors into the kitchen and into the master wing. Also it started having some trouble returning to its base. Finally, our reading suggested that the N79 is most suitable for smaller homes/floors up to 1000+- square feet.The N79 has hooked us on robotic vacuums; however we have decided to upgrade to one which includes mapping and run/recharge/run capabilities more suitable to our home. The Roomba 960, and newly announced Neato D7 and Deebot 900 all merit our consideration.On balance, we liked the N79 along with the product support. It's a great value for a small or less complicated floor plan.,We got this guy for our small apartment a while ago. My boyfriend was apprehensive, but fell in love once he realized we haven't needed to sweep on months. So convenient!!We named him Samson and put googly eyes on him.It works great on our hardwood floors and low-pile rugs. The remote is a fun way to control him, to clean specific areas.He has his quirks though, that fancier bots probably don't have:- He bumps into things (but hasn't left any marks yet(- He drags around rugs or corded appliances if he gets caught on one- He gets caught on weird ledges, like edges where the wood floor changes to rug, and starts panic beeping- He randomly chooses where to go, rather than mapping out the roomBut for a cheap robot vacuum, we don't mind. It's like having a clumsy pet, with less mess!,This is our second attempt at a robot vacuum. About ten years ago we tried a Roomba but it did not live up to our expectations and we stayed loyal to our Dyson pet. We decided to give it another try after reading the reviews of Deebot and the extraordinary discounts on prime dat. We have had the Deebot for a few days and now I can give it a valid review. Most of our house is hardwood floors and it works amazingly well on them. We have been running it a couple times a day and it is so refreshing to look around at a clean and dog-hair free house! There are four settings but we generally use Auto first and then Edges for it to pick up whatever it might have missed.Since the dust bin is small, and we have three shedding Shepherds, we usually empty the bin once during its cycle.Other than that the only negative is that it doesn't seem to work as well on carpet. It picks up dust and dirt but leaves dog hair in clumps. In order to preserve longevity, we are only going to run it on hard surfaces.,I've had a stand up vacuum now for quite a while and decided that rather than wasting tons of time vacuuming my house, I wanted one of these little automated guys to do the work for me. So I read a ton of reviews on here and even The Wirecutter's recommendation on this little vacuum and I was happy with my choice. Good price, good quality, good reviews, seemed like all was going to go well.I got it home and excitedly unpacked it - it even came with extras, two extra side bristles and a brush for good measure. The packout was well done and I was excited to have our little bot start cleaning our apartment. Our apartment is small, but tricky to clean so I figured it'd be a good test for the Deebot. We have 3 separate rooms, our room, a living room and a spare bedroom. Of the 3, the spare bedroom is the only one with large open floor spaces.I let the bot charge, but not nearly enough because I was excited to see it run and start cleaning. Within seconds of pressing the "auto" button, it sprang to life and let out a few chirps indicating it was ready to start suctioning up all the detritus the human eye cannot see nestled lovingly inside our carpets and bare floors. So I let it loose and for the first 20 or so minutes, things seemed to be going smoothly. It bounced around the room randomly and missed a few spots, which I had read about so I didn't really mind. 30 minutes in, it had choked on the surround sound wires going to two speakers behind the couch. NBD, I thought, I'll declog and cordon that area off so it can't snag itself again. Satisfied with the 30 minutes of cleaning, I clicked the "go home" button, and this is when the trouble began.Like a blind man trying to stumble his way across unfamiliar territory, the bot began to bump and stumble across the room going nowhere near the direction of the home base. "That's fine", I thought, "he'll get it eventually." 30 minutes of bumping around, the battery died and Deebot slept the big sleep. I begrudgingly carried it to the base station and sat it down to charge. The next morning, I let it loose again, this time without supervision.I came home in the afternoon to find Deebot dead again not at its base station. I once again carried it to its charger and set it down so it would charge, and so it did. I once again hit auto and this time decided to watch the bot closely. It cleaned almost exactly the same spots again, although this time made its way to our living room for a light clean. Like others, I was surprised at the dirt level it picked up, but what I was most surprised at was that apparently my Deebot was unfortunately born with only half a brain when it came to finding its way home. I'm not sure what sort of signals the base station sends out, but Deebot is completely incapable of finding it.The most comical and infuriating aspect of this came at the very end of the day when I decided I'd had enough and was going to return it.I picked up Deebot for the 5th time to return it to its base station and decided to see if it could, within 3 feet of the sensor simply scoot its robot body onto the charging plate and charge itself. "Surely," I thought, "he's going to be able to do this." I set Deebot down and clicked the go home button. It adorably chirped to life and began scooting forward. As it got closer to the base, it slowed down. I could sense hesitation. Was Deebot unfamiliar with its home already? Did Deebot want nicer digs than where I placed him? Without fail, as he got within INCHES of the charger, he would accelerate directly into it, trying to clean it without the vacuum being turned on. My wife laughed as he rammed the charger pathetically, as did I.I tried this 3 more times and 3 more times Deebot pathetically rammed its charger and failed to charge. Ultimately, I was not impressed with the bot's inability to go home as well as the inability of the very terrible app to connect to my wifi network and actually work. I've opted for a Roomba instead with the hope that the navigation system will be better, but we'll see as well. I'm hopeful that this is a Deebot specific issue rather than a robovac issue, because the reason I don't give it 1 star is, when it mustered the courage to venture from its home that it didn't recognize, Deebot admirably cleaned my home as my robot servant. Hopefully his replacement is able to remember where it lives.,We purchased the Deebot N79 purely off the reviews. There were some bad ones but most of the times it's just due to some user error or something along those lines. When we got our Deebot, we will just call it "Dee" from now on, it worked awesome. Dee would clean the house and was just purely awesome. This went for a month and a half of pure joy over the product. It was a great purchase. Then one day Dee just started to go in circles so we had it replaced with Ecovacs customer service.Customer Service was great and shipped us a new Deebot with no issue. This is where the nightmare comes in place. The one we recieved as replacement seems to be completely lacking. It doesn't vacuum fully, the battery doesn't charge, the thing runs into everything. Before it had a method to how it navigated. Now it will end up in a room, vacuum one straight line and leave. I hope your experience is much better and you never need to replace it.,Works great, probably even better than my upright vacuum. Quite amazingly, it picked up a full canister or two of dust every single day for the first month. I had no idea how dirty my carpets were. Even now, it still fills up about half way with every cleaning. It's great at cleaning up the litter my cats track around the house, which was the main reason I wanted one of these.Be warned, this robot seems to somehow be aware of places it can become stuck, and directly seek them out. About once per cleaning I have to rescue it from under the couch or the refrigerator. I also had to switch out two of my rugs; one had tassels that the Deebot enjoyed chewing on, and the other was shag that it apparently couldn't get traction on. You'll also want to put things like power cords and phone chargers out of the way, because this thing will find them and destroy them. These are the small ways in which robots are beginning to control our lives.,I waited a few months to write up my review - you'll understand why.Short story: tried a Roomba a few years ago, it just sucked (in a bad way). The Deebot works phenomenally well, better quality (actually sucks up things like short dog hair off the floor), smart controls (programmed and manual options), smart design (2 concentric brushes make a huge difference).Long story: the Roomba was awful, the one spinning brush would just fling everything across the room, the suction didn't suck much dirt or dog hair up, it would just fling it behind the unit; and it had stupid programming - it would go back-forth between the corner of one wall and the corner of the couch for several minutes (at first I would bump it off this line to get it back to vacuuming, then I actually let it go and it just went back/forth over 20 times in the same line). So... I sent the Roomba back and signed off on robot vacs.Enter the Deebot! It was on a promo sale, so I figured with all the good reviews I would give robovacs another shot. The design looked so similar that at first I almost just boxed it back up. But... it had 2 spinning brushes, and the controls/programming looked promising (auto, follow the perimeter, spot clean, etc.).I hit AUTO and watched as it quickly recognized a wall edge, then aligned to it; leaving a clean line until it hit the corner. I expected it to be 'confused' but it picked up on the fact it was at a wall, and it went down the next line, picking up everything along the way. Once it passed an open gap on the wall it kept cleaning into the open room space, so I left it alone for over 30 minutes. I checked on it after a bit to see it had found every perimeter wall on its own, and vacuumed up (what I could tell at least) to be everything else in the kitchen, dining, living room, 2 hallways and the entry. I had to move the breakfast chairs out of the way to let it get under that table (but my chairs have a skirt that reaches the floor, so the Deebot saw that as solid); once under the table, I just used the remote to steer/drive it over the remaining area, since I could see exactly where it needed to go and wanted to be done with cleaning.I pressed the home button and it made its way back to the base.I cleaned out (it's very easy) the collection canister 3 times during the vacuuming (my dog sheds a lot).Total run time was over an hour.I have it down to a system now where I start with the perimeter button, dump out the collection canister; put it on auto for 15-20 minutes, dump out the canister, 'drive' it for the space under the breakfast table, dump out the canister so I start clean the next time, press home. It can vacuum all of it in about 30-40 mins.If it seems like I clean the canister a lot, yes, my dog sheds a lot; and I'd rather dump out a canister of dog hair a few times instead of living with it all over my floor. I also have a larger floor area than average, so it takes it a while and it collects a lot.,The app never worked, it could never sync. I don't mind because I have a dog and would never turn it on while I'm not home. I usually just tap the button before we leave for a walk and when we get back, the place is nice and clean... now that I figured out what needed to be done.1) no shoes, laces, wires, cord, fringes from blankets can be within its reach. I attached a photo of my converse stuck to the device one room away, haha.2) I live in a 1 bedroom, all hard wood floors, the vacuum has no trouble getting around the bedroom, living room and entrance, however there is a mini "step" between the kitchen and the entrance and it's high/low enough for it to get stuck trying to get over so I have to move the trash can and a stool in the middle of the opening in order to keep the vacuum from getting stuck there. One item isn't enough to block it from trying.3) If you have long hair, after a few weeks, sometimes a few get caught that you may not notice while cleaning the brushes. It will stop working and flash a red light until you investigate and get it out.I am very tidy, live in a small space and I don't need an app so it's fine for me. It is wonderful at picking up dust and dog hair as well as dried dirt from the park so I am very happy with the product. I barely ever have to vacuum myself anymore and it's wonderful. If you are a person who does not put their shoes away and have wires everywhere, I would pick a different model.,DO NOT BUY! We owned this for less than a month when it stopped working citing "side brush error." We replaced the side brushes, cleaned everything thoroughly and it worked momentarily and started beeping the same error. My husband tried to call the manufacturer and after a long wait to get through to an actual person, they basically told him to do everything we had already done before we called. What a waste of $200. Spend a little more and get yourself something that will last more than one month.,I really wanted to like this robotic vacuum. After reading hundreds of good reviews, I am now under the impression that those reviews were either paid for or fake. I run this vacuum every morning on a schedule at 10:00 AM. Every morning, about 5 to 10 minutes into the cleaning cycle, the vacuum will get stuck, on absolutely nothing. I have watched it now go in circles on hardwood floor, go in circles on carpet, and run into a wall over and over and over until it stops itself. I am definitely going to be saving a little bit of money and going back to Roomba. I only see one advantage to this robotic vacuum versus the name brand Roomba. This vacuum seems to have a little better sensors when coming up to furniture. The Roomba would bash into my furniture forcing me to get a furniture pen and frequently covering damage on the legs of my furniture. I have had this vacuum for over one month now, using it every day on the scheduled cycle, and it has only completed a cycle without stopping twice. It is becoming more of a nuisance and frustration than a convenience.,WOW!!! We're pretty fussy about having a clean house and so I Swiffer'd on Tuesday and when my DEEBOT N79 arrived on Thursday I anxiously waited for it to charge and get going. DEEBOT ran for 1 hour 45 minutes before heading back to her charger.  I was blown away with how much it picked up! The bin and filter were completely full! I truly thought my floor was pretty clean but this baby showed me otherwise.After recharging we ran it in the master bedroom and bath on Friday.  The bin and filter were not as full (Thursday it ran in our open-concept kitchen/dining/living and sun rooms and on Friday just the master bedroom and master bath) but still I was shocked to see what 'lil miss Swiffer missed.Cannot recommend this enough and wonder why I waited so long! Well I kept waiting for the best recommendations and although Roomba is out front as far as adverts and being in brick-and-morter stores, reviews on Amazon.com and others lent to my decision to pick DEEBOT N79. As a bonus, not only is DEEBOT N79 priced lower than competitors, it came with extra brushes and filter as well as a 25% off coupon to use for brush and filter replacements!Oh, and after a few minutes our Bichon Frise named BONKERZ decided to ignore her new house guest "DEE" and go about her merry way.,Absolutely incredible. This is a robotic vacuum. With how advanced technology is now compared to when the iRobots were first coming out, the 'wonder' of a robotic vacuum has worn off some. That being said, it's still a really kick butt and efficient machine! For the price, most buyer might think that this vacuum may be sub-par or generic. NOPE. The Deebot, which I have used over the past 2 months has performed flawlessly and much better than I would have expected.If you are on the fence, or don't even know if something like this is REALLY worth it... I would say, trust it. Spend the money and notice how much time you will save. I recommend this Robotic Vacuum, coming from someone who has no interest in buying something that only lasts a short time but at the same time, loves to research products to see if I'm really getting my money's worth. Because if you can, why shouldn't you?Notes:- This vacuum does great on hardwood floors and low-pile carpet. Even with heavy pile, it still managed fine.- The pop-out dust collector is honestly so convenient. It's super easy to take out and clean.- Every now and then, hair will get wrapped around the rotating broom and brush sensors, as physics would insist is normal.- Very durable, charge lasts forever.- INCREDIBLY QUIET,Overall, a decent vacuum for the money, but not nearly good enough for me to be able to justify this. The biggest reason is that it keeps on getting stuck under my furniture.The manufacturer makes the case that because it is lower than the competitors' vacuums, it will clean better because it will go under furniture. This is NOT the case. In fact, because it is shorter than other vacuums out there, (namely Eufy Robovac at 3.25", roomba 650 at 3.6") it continues to get stuck under everything. It will drive its front end under the furniture successfully, but won't have enough power to come out on the other side.I've had this vacuum for about two weeks now, and literally EVERY SINGLE TIME it's gotten stuck. This completely defeats the purpose of having a robot vacuum, because the point is to leave it unattended, so you won't have to worry about it. Other vacuums on the other hand won't get stuck, because they're too fat to even attempt to go under obstacles. Not the Deebot, though. It will try until it gets stuck and stops cleaning.I really wanted to like this vacuum. It is affordable, and the reviews seemed really positive. Unfortunately, it will get stuck a lot, and I can't possibly be the only one with a couch and a refrigerator that makes this robot vacuum get stuck. The price was too good to be true I guess...I own both the Deebot N79 and the Roomba 650. My Roomba never gets stuck, and it always cleans reliably. Just before writing this review, I've returned the Deebot and purchased another Roomba to replace it.,Fantastic little robot. After we got our first one “Betty” we decided to get another for our mountain cabin. It’s interesting that “Betty seems to be a little smarter than “Dot” but they both work really well on carpet, tile and vinyl. I am amazed by how much they pick up. They were easy to connect to the app you just need to be patient the connection process is slow. Follow the directions and your set. I wish they would add Alexa control ability to there app. Still you can’t go working with this vacuum!!,Got the Deebot N79 for my wife for Christmas. First time buyer of a robot vaccum. Read all the reviews on the most popular models and decided not to invest too much until I saw first hand how they performed. This model seemed to constantly get high reviews and the Ecovac company seemed to respond well to issues. Also Amazon ran them $149.99 for 1 day so I made the purchase. Getting it going was extremely easy. Opened the box, placed the robot on the charging station for 3-4 hours and hit the "Auto" button on the robot and off it went. First impressions were good. It moves in random directions. This means some areas will probably get vaccumed more than others but not too bad. Using everyday it does cover all the areas. Our house is all hardwood with area rugs in every room. The only rug it had problems with was one that is almost all black. This is because the sensor thinks it's a drop off I think. The ones trimmed in black did fine. Also have one trimmed with fringe and so far it has not been a problem. Has yet to get stuck in furniture as between table chairs etc but our house is neat and picked up. If you have cluttered floors it will increase the opportunity for getting hung up. We have run it a half dozen times so far and the dust it collects is surprising, and my wife keeps a clean house. Because it works so well you must empty it regularly, like everytime you use it or the dust has no where to go. The good part is it's very easy. Just remove the dust bin and dump it and brush off the filters. There is a release button in the back that you depress to remove and reinsert. The dust bin is one piece. Simply slides out the back and the filters are all contained in the bin. Then slide it back in. It is also reasonably quiet. There's  no question your house will be cleaner. Just look in the dust bin.This model will connect to your phone with WiFi but we don't use it. We simply programmed it to run each day with the remote control then forget it. I don't think the phone app does anything more than the remote but not positive. The remote has several modes besides "Auto"."Manual" where you can steer it with the directional pad."Spot clean" where it concentrates on one area. "Edge clean" where it cleans the baseboards only."Single room" where it concentrates on one room."Return home" to charger. The instructions said you needed 3 feet on each side and 3 feet in front of the charger, but I noticed that when in this mode and the bot crosses in front of the charger it stops, turns and goes to it. So ours is in a corner pointing towards the middle of the room where it will likely pass by and sense the beam or whatever it senses and it works fine.They all work surprisingly well.So far we've  been very pleased and we expect it to cut down dramatically the amount of time we have to vaccum. If your wanting help with your dust I think you'll be pleased. If you want a higher tech model to play with, ie messages you when it's running, maps out the house, etc you'll need to spend a little more. I would recommend this company and model even if it's not on sale now that I've  tried it.,I am very surprised on how well this cleans my floors. I hate vacuuming...period. I have two dogs, one sheds constantly. I am shocked at how much hair and dust this robot picks up. It's very thorough and I love how it goes underneath furniture and other hard to reach places. For a complete cleaning job I put up my dining room chairs and counter stools. I will also move small side tables, etc. after it makes a few passes to give it new spots to clean. It just easily takes on an unpleasant job as it ambles through the house. I am convinced my floors actually look much cleaner than after plain manual vacuuming.I renamed it G.U.N.T.H.E.R. (General Utility Non Theorizing Environmental control Robot) in the app after the robot from the 60's TV show Lost in Space. That name sums it up pretty concisely I think!,Initial impressions were not great, I almost sent it back. That all changed after I actually read the instructions.... go figure right! I realized it was me not the vacuum. It’s important to make a Robot friendly space. That means remove, secure or pickup anything the robot could get stuck on or tangled in. I close a few doors to keep it contained to the main areas of the house and away from robo hazards.Pros:Cleans surprisingly well -we have concrete floorsHas a decent sized dust binBuilt well very solidLong battery life - 1 hr or betterAnti bump feature is niceAuto programming is awesomeSmartphone app is awesomeIf it does get stuck it auto turns off.There is a find my robot feature that beeps to let you know where to look.Cons:Will get stuck on anything lose - bathroom matts, curtains touching the floor, blankets hanging of the bed, cords, rouge sock, you name it. See robo friendly space in the instructions.Needs a wide open space to dock. Unfortunately for us, that means front and center of my living room.All in all, Ive grown to like this vacuum. It took some rearranging and preparation on my part to insure it didn’t get stuck every five minutes. But thats a trade off i was willing to make for clean floors.,LOVED this!!! Spent the last 3 months pitching it to friends. It really was wonderful and my small apartment was cleaner than it's ever been, if only because it only made sense to banish clutter so it could travel about more efficiently.NOW it suddenly stops, gives a red light, and complains in 4-beep bursts. According to the manual, this is a battery issue. I've popped it in and out of the charger repeatedly as the manual directs, but it will not charge for more than 10 minutes at a time, not long enough to run for more than a few seconds. When it does, it dies a sudden death, with too little juice to make it back to the charger, just a few feet or a few inches away.When it is charging, blue lights blink about once per second. With this problem, they go dark after no more than 10 minutes -- no more blinking. Is it the bot? or is it the charger? Dunno. Wish I did. So . . . an experiment, in hopes of a workaround.Today I set 2 timers -- one to track elapsed charging time and the other set for 9 minutes to let me know it was about to quit. When it did, I hit the Auto button 3 times to resume charging. I did this 14 times > 2 hrs and 10 minutes of charging. I finally sent it off to sweep. It scurried off with its usual merry "Yes I WILL" beep -- only to die the same sudden red death some 30 seconds later.Looks like it's up to Customer Support now.,I purchased this BOT a few months ago and I love it! It picks up that small debris that you can't sweep, Swiffer or scoop. It leaves my floors very clean (barefoot clean). You can just mop right after. It also picks up larger debris, like popcorn, but It will spit it back out later. The floor to the carpet transition works great and It does know not to go down the stairs.I have a little construction going on in the house and the painter laid some of that brown paper to cover my floors. Well, the BOT didn't like to have it's docking station on top of the paper. The BOT would turn itself on, move off it's docking station and off the paper and then turn back off again. I couldn't believe it so I put it back on the docking station and it would get off the paper again. I was a nice feature to see. I love it! Everyone should have one.,I am wanting to love this thing.  I really really did.My wife, when I asked about making the purchase, said "Ok, I had a roomba years ago and I got rid of it because it wasn't worth it."This past weekend, we were prepping for a slumber party of 11 teenage girls.  She looked at me when I finished sweeping the kitchen, and said what did you do with the rest of what you swept up?  I told her what other stuff?  Then I vacuumed and she just stood in awe when I emptied the canister.  A bit later, she told me how much she loves the Deebot and how much of a difference it made.It does a great job of picking up dog hair (we have four dogs, and five kids) and dust when it hits an area.  The problem is, it doesn't know where it is going.  It wanders aimlessly.  It will go in a straight line for a bit, then stop and turn for no reason and go off somewhere else.  I broke out my Shark to put the vacuum lines in the floor the other night before R3D3 ran.  While the amount that it picked up was significantly less, there were lines remaining the next morning that the Deebot missed.  My daughter put it best, it is like a toddler vacuuming over and over, it may not hit every spot every time, but it is going to hit them all.It is also seeming to not detect obstacles anymore.  I have a 2x2 that I put down in front of a hallway where I don't want it to go, and it will sit there and hit it repeatedly.  At first it would slow down as it approached the obstacle, then bump it, and turn around.  Now it seems to find ramming speed approaching obstacles.  My dogs, who at first didn't mind it because it would lightly tap them and then go away, now run as it approaches.  Also, it has gained an affinity for getting stuck under my treadmill, which it did not do at first.I wish it would have some semblance of a method to cleaning.  Alas it does not.  It picks up great, but I have a large living room (440 square feet) in a 2200 square ft home, and it does not like the living room.  It no longer likes to do edge cleaning either.  Where it would be great at hugging the wall and going in a nice line to clean along the edge.....it has gotten to where it turns into the wall, turns away, and turns in.It jumps onto the dog bed in the middle of the night and gets stuck.  It will even wedge itself under the bean bag and get stuck again.  It loves the area between the couch and my bedroom, because it will do that area for an hour before it goes to recharge.  Not to mention the now constant errors.I have cleaned sensors, thoroughly cleaned the dust bins, the brush roll, and everything.  As an electronics technician, I know the importance of keeping things clean, and even use anti-static cleaner to try and get it all to work like it did when it was amazing....(the first week)...but alas it is futile.  Thinking it may have to go back to Amazon and I try again.UPDATE:  Upgraded my initial rating because it is not fair for me to hold something against it that it was not designed or marketed for.It is great at picking up, I just can't deal with the area in front of my bedroom door being the cleanest in the house.  It gets into the little alcove and does that area about 10 times, then escapes finally goes back into the living room and then comes back to clean in front of my bedroom.I will say it does an amazing job of keeping the dog hair and dust up off the floor and I empty it everyday.  It runs nightly.  I run my upright every weekend, and I am not having to empty the canister 3 times or more every time just for the living room.,I enjoyed the vacuum for the first 2 weeks, but then it malfunctioned and I had to return it.My reason for buying the vacuum is my large, long hair Maine-coon cat that sheds enough hair in a day to make another cat. The cat enjoyed watching the vacuum run, while the dog could care less about either of them.My experience with the vacuum in the first week was mostly positive. I received the vacuum on a Friday and spent the weekend watching it run to ensure I had any obstacles out of the way so it wouldn't get stuck. After watching it run for the first 2 days I realized the randomness of the vacuum and the fact it seemed to consistently go to the rug at the back door and stay there until the battery ran down was very frustrating to me. It was able to find it's base even though the random pattern filled me with doubt every time.  I thought since it was random that watching it wasn't a good idea so I scheduled it to run daily while I was at work. That worked out well the first week. When I got home the vacuum was on the charger and I could tell it cleaned more than just the back door rug (which was spotless at this point). My floors had no cat hair tumbleweeds and the hardwood felt clean and even seemed to shine. I only came home to it stuck a couple of times - usually on the back door rug where it ran over it so much it would finally bunch it up and get stuck.The second week was not the same experience as the first. The vacuum began getting stuck on things it had no previous trouble with. I would come home from work and find it stuck on a flat rug, stuck on the threshold between hardwood and the laundry room linoleum, stuck on a broom handle (my fault), stuck under the bed, mostly stuck on the back door rug. I don't think there was a day I came home to it on the charging station due to being stuck. I thought about returning it at that time, but decided the price was worth keeping it and just running it while I was home to manage it.The final time the vacuum ran it of course headed straight to it's best friend - the back door rug - and ran until it gave me a drop sensor malfunction error. I gave the vacuum a thorough cleaning, cleaned all the sensors, recharged it and got the same error. I did all the troubleshooting and it still had the same drop sensor malfunction and would not run so I had to return it.The app was great and the vacuum never lost connection. The vacuum would reliably run on the schedule I programmed.  The app let me know the status of the vacuum - Standby, Cleaning, Charging, Drop Sensor Malfunction etc. I wish it had a push notification if the vacuum got stuck. Other than that I appreciated the app.The vacuum did a great job when it was working properly. It could get under all the furniture and was very satisfying watching it clean places my upright vacuum couldn't. I noticed it didn't clean around it's base and seemed to always want to turn left when leaving it's base which caused it to rarely go into the rooms on the right side of the house.This vacuum cleans well, but is not a substitute for an upright vacuum. I think if you ran this vacuum everyday you would only need to run the big vacuum once every couple of weeks.My experience with this vacuum made me realize I loved the idea of coming home to shiny cat hair free floors so I decided to invest a little more money and try the Neato brand since it is not a random type of vacuum. I haven't received the new vacuum yet. We'll see...,We named ours Dwayne the bot. He is well-loved by all members of our family including our dog. He works hard and does what he is told. You just need to be patient as he cannot go over all surfaces in 15 minutes like how you would vacuum your floor. We leave him in the room and give him enough time to finish the job (daughter's bedroom about 30 minutes; our master bedroom maybe a little longer). At first we needed to empty Dwayne often (like 2 to 3 times in one charge) but that is only because the areas he gets to haven't been vacuumed in a while (under the bed, sofa, buffet table, cabinets, etc). Now that he cleans each room at least once per week, we notice less and less dust and dirt.,ECOVACS FBA_DN622-DN79 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner, 13 x 13 x 3.1 inchesADDED: Changed to 1-star. Ecovacs sent me a defective robot. I had to fight with them for over a month to get a replacement, which was also defective. I am convinced Ecovacs is representing pre-returned defective robots as "new." After a second fight with Ecovacs and their lack of response, I had to get Amazon to step in and get me a refund.ADDED: MALFUNCTIONED AFTER 3 WEEKS USE, SENT DEFECTIVE REPLACEMENT.This Deebot is the greatest! Every day at a programmed time, it comes out of it's house like a turtle on speed and vacuums the whole house and then goes back in its house. The Deebot also gets under things that I can't reach with my standard vacuum. I have a very bad back, so although I keep my home tidy, vacuuming is a major effort that I tend to put off. Now my house is tidy and clean.Before you use the Deebot for the first time, you should vacuum all your floors with your standard vacuum, because the dust/dirt compartment in the Deebot is small. Then empty the Deebot every day. That's it. No other attention needed, except when it gets hung up on something and squawks for help. Best $200 I've spent in a long time.And it's a hoot to watch the cats stalk it while it vacuums.,Bought my Deebot in Sep 2017. The first one worked diligently for about two months, after which it reported side brush malfunction. I cannot get it working again and called customer service, who responded immediately, and mailed me a new one. I was very impressed by the customer service (not only the attitude but the speed to replace it).  My new deebot has been running for a few months now and keeps working well. Interestingly this one was not as diligent as the first one-- the first one always worked like a dog, always worked for more than two hours (yes, battery life is very good) to clean my first floor (More than 1200 sqf, about 1/3 low pile carpet, the rest hardwood)  before returned for charging and the room was cleaned spotless. The second one worked like a kid, seems surfaced everywhere but occasionally misses. It still can clean for two hours (so not really a battery issue) but sometimes it just decided to clean 1 hour or so and claim the work is done, with a few bits left behind-- this may annoy some users but I'm always amused by it. It always make me curious about the algorithm ECOVACS uses-- maybe the two they send me were different gender. It is not perfect-- pens, wires, papers and kid's socks need to be picked up before hand or it will choke,  low rising surfaces (e.g., bottom of a lamp)  will not be recognized and the deebot will climb a bit instead of turning around, but overall my house looked much cleaner with the help of our deebot and both cats and kids love it.,I've had this little guy for several months and he works wonders!!  I turn him on at night and he runs around my house and cleans the floors brilliantly!!  He doesn't fall over edges and has 2 twirling sweeper brushes and roller brush underneath.  Sometimes he tries to go off roading and climb up the bases of my counter height bar chairs, but he lets me know when he gives up and needs help getting down (he beeps).  Then when his battery gets low, he returns home with no problem whatsoever (and his home is under a dresser hidden away).  I never find him in a weird place like other robot floor cleaners.  When I go to empty his container (which is SO EASY to empty), I cannot believe the amount of dust and cat hair he picked up.  I would buy this little guy again and again.  He saves me HOURS of clean up time., I am upset about just one think -that I didn't buy it years ago.This thing  is simply amazing. The house is so clean without any effort.Having multiple dogs makes it very hard to keep up with cleaning. Sweeping the floors is no good since you just through the hair and dust around, vacuuming gets tricky getting in hard to reach areas, unless you move the furniture around,  which is very time consuming and hard on ones back.This little robot gets under the couches, behind the piano, around the table etc. He collects everything! I cannot believe it! I didn't have such high expectations, but am very pleasantly surprised.I hope it works for a while, because for such a good price it just seems to good to be true.I am VERY happy with this purchase.,This thing is great! My first robotic vacuum and after reading reviews of different ones I went with the Deebot. I have a large home. About 2300 sq ft on the first floor and it seems to be able to get at least through tall the rooms on one charge. I am currently trying out the room edges options and I am impressed! We have a stone fireplace that is pretty jagged and it follows it into every nook and cranny! We have two staircases and it goes over about an inch, senses and turns away. I need to try the single room mode yet because I do notice that there are skips around the house from the auto mode. We have carpet, wood and tile and it so far has had no issues transitioning, but does flip my loose kitchen mat over a bit. It might not be the best for "deep cleaning"  but visually this vacuum does a very nice job and is very quiet.,Really loving the Deebot!  I haven't used a regular vacuum since I got this little guy, and my floors are nice and clean.  Regular vacuums are a real pain and I find they are often less effective than simply sweeping on hardwood floors.  This robot has eliminated a boring and tedious daily chore from my life and for that I am very grateful!I schedule it to run at 9AM everyday, this way I'm around in case he gets snagged on something and needs a little help. For the most part, however, he needs no supervision.I have a mostly open floor plan, with hardwood floors and lots of area rugs. The rugs are of varying thicknesses, and Deebot traverses them with no difficulty.  One of them is a thin faux cowhide rug and if the edge isn't perfectly flat, the vacuum will suck it up and fold the rug over itself but other times it goes over just fine.It's quiet and doesn't crash into things.  It senses obstacles before it hits them and will slow down as it approaches, or change course.  No loud bangs, no worries about my furniture.Some folks mentioned they had trouble connecting the app, but I didn't have any issues.  The app is fun!It comes with extra side brushes and an extra filter which was a nice bonus.The dustbin is easy as pie to remove, empty, and clean. It usually fills on one completed cleaning of my main floor (~1000 sq ft).  It grabs pet hair off the wood floors really well, and I think off the area rugs too (but probably not as well - it's hard to tell because I think most of my pets hair winds up clumped around the edges of the room where Deebot scoops it up).It has different modes which makes it handy for doing along walls or spot cleaning concentrated areas of dirt.Overall, I recommend it and would definitely buy it again!  Glad I didn't go for the name brand Roomba.  This was much less costly and from what the reviews say, it works a lot better/,This product has drastically improved my quality of life!  I have a long-haired dog that sheds a lot, and a kitten that adds to the issue.  This robot saves me from vacuuming or sweeping my apartment every day.  This product works great for me, but I live in a tile-floor, 1 bedroom apartment.  I can't say for sure, but I don't think this would work as well on carpet.  You can control it through the included remote, the phone app, or just hit the "auto" button on the machine itself and it will get to work.  The remote and app have the same functions: auto, spot clean, edges, zigzag, return to charge and manual controls (great for messing with your cat), as well as a wifi and timer button for settings purposes.  I usually just hit "auto", leave for the day and my place is clean by the time I get home and the dust container is practically FULL of hair and debris..  Protruding brushes sweep inward toward the vacuum to which allows it to effectively cover a larger area and clean along the wall.Pros:Easy to set up and control/useGreat for hard floorsEasy to cleanGood at navigating on "auto", will push light objects around (like a little garbage can) instead of moving around it, and effectively navigates around real obstacles.Can get up and clean on things like thick bathroom matsCons:Has trouble going over tangles of cordsIf something is just above it's clearance, it can still sometimes get stuck.  Although sometimes it can make it out.Complaints:none!,Wow! This little guy works wonders! I have a pug, who sheds a ton.. I didn't realize how much hair I was just missing by sweeping or vacuuming by myself. It was almost full within the first 15 minutes, there was a ton of hair! After running for about a week, my floors look so much cleaner and I can walk around the house without dragging hair around with me. Worked so well on my carpeted room too! Was so shocked! It is like a new room now. It is very quiet, but loud enough to hear if it gets stuck on something. I forgot to pick up a dryer sheet and it beeped to tell me it got stuck. Seriously, amazing purchase for the money (so far!). I'm not sure if I could justify spending 400+ for one of these fellas, but for $200 it is a really good deal. I will try to update this review as time goes on. About a week in and could not be happier!,I love this machine so much. I have three little boys and I run the Deebot usually once a day, sometimes twice. If it doesn’t work out with my husband, I will be marrying this robot.My only complaints are that the on/off switch are not very intuitive, and I can never remember which is which. It can’t charge if it’s off, so sometimes I think it’s on and charging, only to realize that it’s been sitting at the charging station, turned off, and not charging.Also, I had hopes that I could turn this on when I go to bed, or have it run when I’m out of the house. Unfortunately it occasionally gets stuff stuck in it (pencils, paper, small toys), and it beeps until I attend to it. I kind of wish it would beep and then shut off after a few minutes instead. So you do have to kind of babysit it a bit. Luckily it’s pretty quiet, so you can watch tv or whatever, and it’s not too loud, unlike a regular vacuum cleaner.Those are really the only downside though. It lives under my couch and I turn it on with the little remote, and it’s kind of like a weird little household pet. We love it.,We call him doobie and he is my little helper.  I am quite impressed how he somehow manages to cover the entire main floor.  And the crud he picks up! Way more than I imagined each day would bring.  What is most impressive is he keeps the cat hair off the rug even better than our vacuum. Once in a while he gets lost under to sofa in the library and we have to fetch him out but usually he finds his way back to his bed to rest and recharge.  Since he zips around everyday, I now have time to sit back and leave amazon reviews.  Doobie's my bud :),I've really enjoyed having our N79. It cleans up all the little crumbs that happen no matter how careful you are. The amount of dust this thing finds is surprising. We have primarily wood floors with a couple rugs at the entrances. I've really loved the convenience.However, though I enjoy having this little bot cleaning up after me, I'm on my 2nd replacement vacuum. We've had to replace the first two due to issues. One of the brush motors went out on the first one. The second one had a malfunction with the bumper. Our 3rd, which I have to investigate yet, has a malfunction with the anti-drop sensor. This has all happened in a 6 month period. At his point, I'm getting close to asking for a refund since I can't seem to get a robot that doesn't break after a few weeks.,I have only had this DEEBOT for two days and I am amazed at how well it works.  I have travertine floors and my normal practice was to sweep them every Saturday and the kitchen a few times during the week. After running the DEEBOT a few times I had no idea how much dust I was missing.  My sweeping was just pushing the dust around.As others have noted the fringe on area rugs can cause it to hang up and there is one cabinet that needs to be raised 1/4" (DEEBOT sometimes tries squeezing into some places it can't get out of.  A few more days and I will have found and cleared all of the obstacles and it should be smooth sailing from there on.  Time will tell how long it holds up but for now I think it's great.,No regrets with this purchase.  This vacuum is a life saver.  3 Jack Russells  run in and out of the house leaving a lot of hair and dust.  Before my N79 I was dust mopping every day, and I didn't do half as well as this vacuum.  It even cleans under the couches,my dresser, and bed. My husband wasn't sure I needed it but even he is happy with this quiet machine.  I purchased this as a Black Friday deal and have used it daily.  As to Customer Service.... Our N79 was perfect until Feb 1.  then for some unknown reason began making a clicking noise.  We removed all the brushes (which we had done weekly and very easily) but could not find a reason for the noise.  I emailed Ecovac that night 8pm and they responded  - THAT NIGHT!  We rechecked the N79 as they suggested but the noise continued.  I emailed them the next morning (Friday) again and the said they would replace it, sending a new one to us and a label to return ours to them.  Tuesday evening our new N79 arrived.  I have never seen such excellence in customer service!  You bet I will recommend Ecovac products to friends!  BTW - I needed to use or Deebot over the weekend before the new one arrived.  Sat. the clicking changed to a rattle, Mon. to our frustration (only because customer service had treated us so well) the Deebot rattled a few minutes and then quietly worked as though it had no problem.  I feel so bad sending our deebot back, but we aren't sure if the problem will happen again.  Ecovac / Deebot N79 or any of their products I HIGHLY recommend. 10 stars guys-  Ethan and Marky at Ecovac, thank you.,Purchased during the runup to Prime Day, and well worth the wait.  Besides saving some $$$ I got an excellent floor sweep/vacuum.  This Deebot N79 starts running in my house at midnight and cleans 3 rooms while I sleep.  It is SO NICE to get up in the morning and not have to look at dog hairs all over the kitchen floor.  Even better, all that accumulated dust under the furniture is history.  I was totally amazed at how much dust, dog hair and dirt this little workhorse picked up - not in its first run, or even second, but the 3rd time.  I thought I kept a fairly clean house, too.  Now I KNOW its a whole lot cleaner.  I like the app for my phone -- I can be alerted if the device gets jammed up under the kitchen cabinets, as it sometimes will.  Even my old hound dog has accepted the Deebot, allowing it to roam free with no fuss.,Had approximately 1-month at this writing. My abode has berber carpet, short pile and hard flooring on a single level. Genuinely impressed by this unit as a whole and it's ability to run unattended. No problems at all with sensing top of stairs and avoids drop off as designed. Great for getting under furniture, such as beds or short tables and chairs. Significantly better that I had initially thought it could be, but took a chance an purchased on one of Amazon's deal days. Am now glad that I took that opportunity and I am rather critical of most advancements in tech, especially since I'm a mechanical engineer. While this unit will not take the place of a thorough cleaning with a standard vacuum, it most certainly increases the intervals that such is needed. Great for keeping up with daily dust, hair and small debris. Does not leave any marks on floors, walls or furniture from navigating about. Can navigate quite a difference in floor level heights, almost 1/2-inch with berber edging against hard flooring. Although a small rug with insure transition from one surface to another so it doesn't get "high-centered". Keep it away from damp or wet surfaces as it is really not equipped for such. They have a model for that you should consider if that will be the standard environment it will function in. Should the battery get low on opposite end of house from where base is located, it may not make it back to the charger on its own. Might have to look for it under furniture if this is the case. I found no need to add the Android app to my phone as the remote it comes with handles all the functions easily, and it doesn't clutter up the phone with more data. Would suggest to order an extra set or two of corner brushes with the unit though. Would be nice if it came with one set of replacements as a courtesy from the manufacturer. That is the only reason I did not opt for a 5-star rating.,We got this vacuum, whom we named Elizabot, mostly to pick up the megadrifts of hair from our Akita, our Aussie and our old stinky cat between weekly cleanings with a real vacuum.  For us, there was much not to love.  In the two weeks we employed Elizabot, we ran her about five times, consulting the manual constantly because she is not at all intuitive so much reading is required in order to operate her, to perform maintenance (some after each use, some weekly) and to decipher the multitude of beepings and blinkings, combinations of which indicate all kinds of troubles.  While I think we must have set off every error message during our two weeks together, our biggest issue may not be a problem for you:  she really gets tangled up in long dog hair.  Her wheels and her big brush get hopelessly wrapped up in it, and I had to use scissors and tweezers to untangle her after every run.  She might be fine just with cat hair or, say, lab hair, but not with what our dogs are throwing off.  Other more general problems:  she's not great at sucking, so forget that "strong suction" line in the description above.  And while she was surprisingly agile at transitioning between our saltillo floors and our low-pile carpets, if she ran a line that straddled both, she didn't function at all, which meant there was always a line of dirt and doghair wedged against every edge of every carpet, making it necessary to vacuum after she vacuumed.  And, finally, after two weeks, she just gave up on us and spun around in jerky circles (NOT a spot-clean circle), stopped, and gave us a constant Anti-Collision Bumper Malfunction error which, despite all my efforts, I could not find a solution to.  To be fair, some nice things about Elizabot are that she's quiet, her anti-drop sensors really work, and she has a good sense of humor.  We liked having her around, but not as a freeloader.  So we're sending her back to Amazon, with quite a bit of inaccessible dog hair wrapped up in her wheels.,I purchased the D (Alias: Jen) in  Nov. 17 but wanted to use it before review and really love the Vac and it's efficiency in cleaning my entire house, carpet & floors. My only complaint is its "inability to find the charge station" when it's charge goes to "RED" (low charge). The lack of finding the charge station although annoying is something I've learned to live with as this BOT finds dirt and fuzz everywhere while I lounge in my recliner reading a book. I was going to buy the newer M80 to mop and clean my tile and wood floors but resist the urge due to the reviews of those units not being able to find the charging unit. Has anyone found a solution the the !Charger location problem?! Bottom line is its a great product for the price and does its job!!This is an update 4/14/18 to the above issue that I felt should be shared: I wanted to thank your group for the excellent Customer Service that ECOVACS has rendered on my 1st units issue. They gave me input on different items to check that might be causing the problem and after diagnosis failed to solve the issue, a replacement was shipped with a return shipping slip for the old unit. As a small business owner it is a pleasure to see a company and their employees handle a problem with genuine concern and efficiency. I will be ordering the M80 to handle my tile and hard floors in the near future due to the excellent CS. Please take care of Jen (N79 #1) as she is a worker and just needs a little Lasik TLC!!,I delayed purchasing one due to the various brands and prices....umm yea! I'm so glad I waited because Marco is unbelievable.  He vacuums my entire home everyday.  Buy extra filters if you have pets and dump tray everyday.  You will be very impressed...and it's wifi...yup I schedule everything from my phone.Update--5 months later....Marco quit on me.  Totally bummed.  Its little arm stopped working.  Called customer service....wwwwhhhhaaaattttt. ship and replace minus headache.  GREAT customer service.  Now Pollo is part of the family and is doing a great job.  I love our new addition.  Marco will be missed for all the silly places we would find him and the outstanding cleaning he did.,This is my first robot vacuum. Probably the best thing I've ever bought. No hyperbole. Maybe my first smartphone, but I digress.This robot doesn't map out where it has and hasn't covered, so it's kind of infuriating to watch. But I start it before I go to sleep and it's magical. I wake up and the floor is vacuumed and my Deebot is back on its charger. I have several rugs and several different rooms. It doesn't have trouble navigating anything so far. It's been stuck one time in the month that I've had it under a piece of furniture. I have four young kids constantly dropping food on the ground and just generally making a mess of the floors. It picks up bigger pieces of food than I expected. On par with my full size vacuum. I wish I bought this a long time ago.,This vacuum is amazing. I have a cat who sheds quite a bit and it cleans up after her and her litter very well. The set up was simple, the app is user friendly and great for running the vacuum when it's convenient for you. It is also pretty quite when it runs. Cleaning out the bin is really easy and I'm impressed with how quickly it charges. I will say it does not work quite as effectively on the tile in my bathroom (the side brushes kind of just pushed the kitty litter and dust around, but I simply swept the bathroom debris into a pile and had the robot use its "spot clean" function to suck it all up. Very satisfied and couldn't be happier.,We've had Dee for several months now and absolutely love her!  We have tile and concrete floor in most of our house along with two cats, a full time dog, and two visiting dogs who are over quite regularly.  And these are 50-80 pound dogs, one with long hair and a thick coat.  We had just about accepted the fate of either having to live with constant dust and hair on the floor, or vacuum daily, when our neighbors (who own the visiting dogs) purchased a Bob. We were utterly amazed at the difference in their floor!  After much research of the different options, I decided to try this Deebot.  She is not as big and powerful as the neighbor's Bob, but we find that since she doesn't have as much power, she gets stuck far less often.  Bob gets wedged into spaces quite a lot.  We think it's because he's moving at a higher speed with more force.  Dee hardly ever gets stuck.  Dee also doesn't move the furniture around nearly as much as Bob does.  About the only thing she does move is the cat food bowls.  A concern I had prior to purchase, was the size of the waste container, but that turned out to not really be an issue because if we run her regularly she gets tired and has to recharge before the waste container gets full.  So, we just dump it prior to starting her again.  A frequent complaint I saw in the reviews was there is  no rhyme or reason to where the vacuum goes.  That is absolutely true, but we find if we run her most days that what she missed today she will get tomorrow.  Overall, our floor is MUCH cleaner on a daily basis without much more work on our part.  She finds her way home most days, although on occasion, we will find her dead on the floor somewhere and have to pick her up and take her home.  She's not loud, but I wouldn't say she is quiet either.  You definitely know she's running, but you can still easily have a conversation or watch TV in the same room without having to increase the volume.  We have berber carpet in our bedroom and she didn't do too well with that, but cleans the area rugs that are on the tile very well.  We don't find that she gets overly obsessed with the corners of the rugs (as indicated in some reviews), but the corners of my cheap area rug have become a bit frayed since using the vacuum ($25 bucks at Wal-Mart).  The more expensive area rugs ($300+ on-line) do not seem to be suffering this same fate.,So far so good.01/10/2018: I got my Deebot yesterday. It was a more expensive replacement for another robot vacuum cleaner that didn't quite make the grade. It was a Christmas present for my parents (who are in their 70's and vacuuming is a bit challenging for them). I was expecting something sort of cheap-ish, sort of knock-off-like but in reality this is a solid piece of equipment. The wheels are huge with treads, the sweepers are solid plastic and won't strip easily, the rear brush is more than adequate at sweeping and sucking up debris, and the container is hard plastic with great filters. The vacuum also is a trooper! We have a thick Asian rug and it hops up and down from it like there's nothing in its way. It just drive up on top, cleans, then drops back down.The set up was simple and the little fella was already charge up. So, I got out the remote and plugged in the batteries. I pushed a button and off it went. This guy can suck up a lot of dirt! I showed my dad how to download the app and we set up a schedule for cleaning. We set a cleaning time for 2am and when I got up (at 4am) I didn't see it in the docking station. So I pulled up the app and it said the wheels were jammed. I hit the "location" button and a few beeps later I had it unstuck from some wires and off it went. It finished the cleaning cycle and docked itself to recharge.The app: It took a while for our confirmation email to arrive once we set up our account. Until it arrived we couldn't use the app but we were patient and it payed off. My parents and I can use the app to start, stop, steer, and send the robot to its charging station.As far as charging stations, we have a small space for it and the vacuum has been able to find its way home so far. I definitely hope to update this product in the future as we continue to use it.This thing sucks up a lot of dirt. A LOT. The tray is easy to empty. Also, the vacuum is fairly quiet, too. It's not silent and it's not really loud, but you can talk over it but you might not be able to watch a TV show while it's running.,This is my very first robotic vacuum....it’s awesome.  I purchased this after doing a lot of research, so far, it. Does well.  We have a short haird dog which sheds a lot, and it does pick up her hair.  I run the vacuum 3 times a week on bare floors, woood floors, and different types of carpet.  Understand, this vacuum does not replace my deep cleaning vacuum which I now only need to run once a week.  I LOVE it when this vacuum cleans under the beds.  No dust bunnies.  It doesn’t run in straight patterns, it runs in a zig zag pattern.  If you have bath rugs in the bathroom, recommend picking them up, and pick up or lock wire areas.  My only issue is it does not have a memory pattern like iRobot.  Couldn’t be happier with this vacuum.,So far so good app was pretty easy to set up setting up the schedule was easy works as advertised so far it's taking up a lot of dog hair and actually a lot of dust fairly impressed with it after one day of use I'll repost at 30 days and at 60 days and I get it 90 days unless you know how it's working. The first bought after about 3 months kept getting a error in the front right side brushed apparently it's pretty common seems like it just gets gummed up with Dustin things contacted the company sent it back free of charge received it took about 3 weeks total to get it back customer service gets back approximately 3 to 4 days after an email after phone call so not super impressed with the service but I am impressed that they got the new vacuum to me new ones working great I think this time and I would recommend probably every week or so using a light brush to clean out the front left or right side Spinners to keep them from getting gummed up overall the vacuum works great with multiple dogs it gets a lot of dog hair up a lot of the Dust up out of the rugs and the hardwood floors again customer service 1 out of 10 I would give him a solid 7 for response and a 10-4 actually following through with what they said they would do.,After hearing my  daughter rave about hers for  a few months, I had to give it a try. I have wanted a Roomba for years, but just refuse to pay the asking price and in addition, I have also heard about a lot of issues with them. For $200 bucks I figured it couldn't be beat (and I had Amazon Visa Reward points) and I knew I could send it back if it didn't work. Well, "Hazel" (those of you of a certain age will remember the TV show) has so far been great. She has made my  life so much easier. With 4 dogs and three cats inside, it takes vacuuming every day to stay ahead of all the fur flying. Hazel picks up not only the hair, but the dirt and grit that comes inside. I have yet to get fancy enough to set up the app on my phone - but I will!,This works like a charm. I love that I can be anywhere and program it to start cleaning and that I can schedule cleaning for whenever I want to. Having 2 dogs and 1 cat can be difficult to clean up after. Having this machine helps immensely. Obviously having time to vacuum yourself would collect more hair and dirt, but this does the job surprisingly well. Emptying the container after each use is important. Also being able to clean it every few days helps. My only complaints are that now that the machine is being used every day and I clean it often, it bumps into things more and more often. When I first got it, It barely bumped into things because of its sensors and no matter how much cleaning I do to them, it constantly runs into things and gets stuck. Sometimes it will just stop altogether because it says there is a sensor malfunction and needs cleaned even though I do it every 2 to 3 days. That is the most frustrating part but overall I am happy that it does any amount of cleaning because I just don't have time., I’ve had this since the beginning of November.  This bot does a good job picking up debris when it’s working.  It finds its way back to the charger no problem, but doesn’t actually charge once it gets there.  Every time I use it I have to physically place it on the charging dock properly to get a charge or plug the charger directly into the device.  It’s a great bot, it just doesn’t execute the whole charging thing on its own which is annoying AF after awhile.Now it’s just spinning in circles like it’s got brain damage and keeps saying “bumper malfunction”.  There’s nothing wrong with the bumper....,Background - we're installing new flooring in our home. After 4-6 hours of work I'm not the most diligent clean-up guy. To keep the peace and make life a little easier for everyone I ordered the Ecovac Deebot N79 unit. After a costly and disappointing experience with a R@@mb@ unit a few years back I did a lot of research and sincerely appreciative when "Amazon Verified" shoppers provide some insight of their experience with a product.Okay, here's the initial Deebot N79 test environment - a 1700sq. ft. multi-room area with furniture scattered about, staged boxes of flooring, a mix of area rugs and two medium sized dogs (one long hair + one short hair) variety, pet kennel, and a few Homer buckets with tools. In other words, I'm going to test "Deebot" to the max - if it fails, it's being re-packed and going back. It it get's stuck and fails to return to the base unit for recharge, it's going back.Results - Excellent, Impressive, Worth Every Penny Spent!. This electronic critter is smart and will do it's very best to reach every square inch. We did have to remove an old shag style carpet which it was pushing around an area of the room to complete it's mission. When it returned to base we pulled the dirt canister and filter - the contents were clearly evident of what a manual sweeping can miss or leave behind.Summary - if you like clean floors, have a busy life and wish there were certain time consuming household chores (like sweeping or vacuuming) which you could delegate to a trusted household member other than your child or significant other, try the DeeBot N79!,While it does work, I had to return the 1st one as it would not connect to WiFi. The 2nd one does that OK. Also, the 'controller' that comes with the unit does not give you as much control as the phone App does. And you sort of have to figure out the App as there is no real guide that I could find anywhere to its use. It wasn't hard to figure out, however. Given all that, it does a pretty good job of vacuuming. We have a Lab and it manages to get most of the hair. It does sometimes get hung up transitioning from a bare wood floor onto a rather thick rug. This only seems to happen when the unit tries to get onto the rug directly across one of the corners of the rug. So overall, it works OK so far.,It may not have all the bells and whistles as the much more expensive competition but I'm definitely pleased so far with this robotic vacuum. So like many others have said there is no rhyme or reason to the pattern it elects to take to clean your floors but several hours later they are indeed clean. One weird almost amusing thing I witnessed however is when I originally had the charging dock on low pile carpet the vacuum first had no clue how to find the charging dock and wondered around aimlessly for like 20 minutes before I finally picked it up and set it about 6 ft away from the dock. It then went straight to the dock but could not under any circumstances find its way onto the dock. I was kind of upset at this point but it was almost worth the $200 just for how funny this was to witness. I then took the charging dock into another room that had hardwood floors and magically the vacuum now had zero problems returning to the dock from any room in the house and also had zero problems getting onto the dock. I don't know what difference the material of the flooring could have possibly made for that task but ok. Lastly the vacuum does pick up a surprising amount of dirt even after I so called cleaned the floors but it can't do corners at all. It pretty well nailed everything except the corners which I guess is to be expected when trying to force a round object into a corner lol.,We've had this for a week and love it. Watching it for the first time was the most excited I've been in a while. I guess that's what happens when you hit your 30s. We feel like we have to sweep and vacuum daily with our two shedding pittbuls. We did a good sweeping and vacuuming under the furniture before letting it run to see what it picked up. It ran for about 30 minutes, moving under every piece of furniture - even small spaces, in between legs of chairs and tables, going from living room to kitchen over a hump, and docked itself like a pro - the tray was full! Since then we have been running it every other day and it is always full. It doesn't always find its way back to the docking station on its own, but I'm so thrilled I don't mind picking her up and returning her home. The dogs still try to attack it but are getting used to it.,UPDATE: My unit was replaced by Ecovacs for the last problems. Two months into having a brand new one, it will no longer run and incessantly gives a main brush error. I am requesting a full refund and I highly recommend everyone considering to purchase this item to QUICKLY find another route. I didn't love my Roomba but it lasted two years, this piece of crap didn't even make it six months- and the replacement not even two.UPDATE: After three months my Deebot will not charge at all. It stopped going to the base, so I would have to hunt all over the house to find it, and place it manually on the charger. Now it will charge for about 30 seconds and then stop charging, and it doesn't even have enough power in it to respond to any prompts. I'm glad I purchased the extended protection plan but working with Assurant to try and get a replacement or repair so far has been hell. So, good luck, anyone else who wants this thing. For what I paid, I could have gotten maid service to come clean my floors for three months.I love this Deebot!!! There are a few features that would be nice additions, but for the price it is very easy to understand why those features would be left out. For example: There are no virtual doorways, and the Deebot doesn't seem to map the house so it wanders around all over the place. I solved this problem by just blocking off certain rooms so that it can concentrate the cleaning in smaller areas. I am alternating the living/dining/kitchen area with the hallway/bedroom area, for example. It's not that big of a deal. Also, with no house mapping you can't program it to go clean certain areas on certain days, but you can program it to start at a certain time, which would be great if you want it to clean while you are at work or something. It doesn't pick up all the dirt, but I don't think any robot vacuum does. This thing does GREAT getting under and around furniture!!! Also, it doesn't just run full speed into your stuff, it gently approaches things and then gently navigates around them. It will go right up to the cat water dish and I don't have to worry about it spilling water everywhere, and the dish is light and easy to tip over. This thing is making my life so much easier, my house is full of tile floors and there is sandy soil where I live so my feet always felt gross- NOT ANYMORE!!! The miracle of my life. Also, so far I think it does a better job cleaning than the much more expensive Roomba I used to have- that by the way lasted only two years, during which time I had to get it professionally repaired twice.,The vacuum is great at picking up dirt but can't find its way to the home station that's in the same room. The spot cleaning mode on mine also wouldn't work, it would begin and then just stop in the middle of the floor.  For the price it is a great vacuum but it requires to much human interaction which makes it impossible to run when you're not home. The app also only allows for one phone to connect at a time and you have to manual reset the phone with the vacuum if you want to use a different one every time.,So I'm not one for technology. But I'm also OCD and I have three animals in a house with wood floors. It is impossible to make sure that floor is clean everyday. So I started looking on Amazon for the robot vacuums and I came across this one that was reasonably priced and had pretty good reviews (and plenty of them!). So I thought, $150? If it doesn't work, it's not that much of a loss. It was really easy to setup, although be advised the app does not support 5G wifi. Not having the app wasn't a deal breaker for me since there is a remote control and you can set the vacuum to clean at certain times. Our floors are actually clean. You DO have to be mindful though that the robot, whom we named 'Alice' after the Brady Bunch, does NOT like fringed rugs, will attempt to eat a very thin rug, and has very little sense of direction. So, pick up any wires, chargers, thin rugs, or anything that might get caught up in the brushes. We also pull our dining room chairs out so that she can navigate a bit better. Otherwise she runs into a table leg, gets dazed, turns right, and runs into another table leg. We've found it entertaining, so again, not a deal breaker. Also be advised she will need a little help sometimes. But don't worry, she stops running once you pick her up. Our dog is not a fan, but thankfully he hasn't tried to eat it. It's also pretty quiet so you can totally run it will you're sleeping. Overall, a good purchase.,Just moved into a house with hardwood floors in every room except bedrooms.  With 2 dogs and 2 cats, the amount of pet hair swirling around was disturbing.  I would have to haul out my Kirby with the wand attachment 3 or 4 times a week and sometimes sweep in between.  (I don't wear shoes in the house and having anything stick to my feet drives me nuts)  I researched several robot vacs, talked to my aunt about hers and decided, due to the fantastic reviews, to take a leap of faith and purchase this one.I ran it last night after charging it completely and watched it "do it's thing".  I was able to watch TV (when I wasn't watching the DEEBOT with compete fascination) without turning up the volume - this thing is quiet!  The layout of my house is convoluted with several hallways at different angles and separate living/dining/kitchen areas.  I only had to rescue the DEEBOT twice.  Once when it got caught under the counter of the bar when edge cleaning and once between the tub and commode in a small bathroom.  In edge cleaning mode, it even went under my rocking chair, cleaning outside AND inside the rockers!  I had just swept and mopped the evening before, so I didn't think the bin would be that full.  I was both amazed and embarrassed how much hair and dust this thing collected.  It was easy to empty and I just rinsed the mesh filter and shook out the sponge filter and used the little rake to detangle and remove the hair on the roller brush.  I set her down, pushed the home icon on the remote and it went to it's docking station and beeped.  :)  I will program this to run at least every other night if not nightly.  It's a decent price for what it is, a vacuum, but it suits my needs better than I could have imagined.,I am delighted with this purchase to date. I have two dogs and a cat all shed and bring in debre from the yard and deposit it on my floors.  This little machine picks up hair, dust, dirt and dust kitties with ease. I have had it for  three days and have run it each day. It takes an hour and fifty min to complete it's rounds all on hardwood flooring. The unit is quiet, able to talk on phone or watch TV while running. Pets don't mind it.I prepare the floor prior to it's programed start time by moving some furniture and electrical wires. I also shut bedroom doors as I do not want to use it on carpet. It starts promptly at programed time and returns to base when done. I clean it after each use, removing dust bin, and cleaning brush roller and the two little whisk brushes.I hope it continues to work like this as the months pass. So far it's a winner!Included picture of vacuum results. Notice the fine grit it picks up along with bigger debre.,So much love for our "Rosie" the robot.  She is soooooo good to us.  1 long haired blond shepherd,  1 short hair shepherd,  1 chihuahua, 3 cats, 3 adults, 1 six year old girl and 1 one year old girl.Highly recommended for everyone.Greatest on hardwood, but great on carpet only because the crazy lines it leaves...  OCD much.,There are two types of people in this world, those that will need a room-mapping vacuum and those that don't care.  We fall in the latter.  You have to ask yourself, are you going to get pissed if the vacuum doesn't pick up that one crumb that is bothering you?  If you said yes, you need to get a mapping vacuum.  I went back and forth on whether or not to spend twice as much to get the mapping ability but I figured I would give this a try for the price.  We weren't disappointed.If you run the vacuum every day, your floors will be cleaner than they ever have regardless of whether you have the mapping feature.  The wife loves it.  Our biggest gripe is that if your floor plan is large, it may not find it's way back to the base before it dies.  If we let it run while we sleep, sometimes we have to hunt it down to bring it back to the base.  The other issue is that we have to empty the bin a couple times per session.  We have 2 big dogs and a 13 month old so it has a lot of work to do.  Fortunately, it is quick and easy to empty.  All said, it has everything we need in a vacuum.  Our favorite house purchase in a long time.,This thing is amazing!! If you have hardwood floors, kids and or pets and wonder if you need this, you do. It picks up so much dust and dirt that a broom just can't and keep under the beds nice and clean so you aren't having dust allergies. It takes some time for it to get to know your house and will get stuck under low lying or tight spaces, but for the most part, it does a great job. Better than me and my broom! Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is it's a but louder than expected and it hasn't successfully found home pushing the home button on the remote. Maybe it's user error. Also the app won't connect the sweeper to my phone. So if I get those things resolved, 5 stars all the way! Just buy it, you won't regret it. Esp for the price!,This is the second robot vacuum that we purchased.  The first one we bought b-lined for the stairs and committed vacuum-suicide.  This vacuum does a great job cleaning and has yet to try the stairs.,Update: Right at a month later deebot is doing a good job keeping the floors clean. I did deduct a star from my original rating. I took the main brush out today to untangle hair from it and noticed the rubber flaps on it are cracked already. The app says it had 95% life, but with the rubber already cracking I'm not sure how it's going to last that long.So far I'm liking my first robot vacuum. We bought it for the house we are moving into next month because it has hardwood floors and tile. But it seems to work well in our current house with extremely low pile carpet, linoleum, and hardwood. It seems to take a bit to find it's charging dock.Time will tell how it holds up. Hope we don't have one that sleep walks like others have reported. Guess we will find out.,So we got a robot vacuum for the first time and choose our friend Deebots model. Now I was extremely sceptical that a small machine for $199 (at the time) would be able to clean up after 3 dogs, two cat, and my wife :). It was a one of the Best Buy’s of the year, it cleans up almost all the hair that everyone leaves around the house, it is a God send in a way. I run the little guy twice a day now and no major issues. Now I do have to empty him every other day so he can keep going on his missions against the fur, but it’s very easy to do. Also, possibly the only con, it gets stuck sometimes when it goes to places that have stuff on the floor like a backpack or a Towel on the bathroom floor (My fault). Overall we love it, and plan to use this guy as long as we can!,This is the dumbest robot vacuum I have owned. It revisits the same rooms over and over and gets stuck because it's not smart enough to know where the door is. The Neato Botvac is so much smarter. The Deebot randomly cleans the house, slams into furniture and walls, and it's probably using 3 times the battery necessary to clean the house. I finally told it to go back to the base, and it's been going from room to room trying to find its way home for the last 5 minutes. I finally gave up and carried it back to the base to end the suffering. The Neato knew exactly where the charger base was. The Ecovacs app won't work in my house because apparently, my eero WiFi is too fancy, so that feature is useless. It does clean the floors well, which is a given considering it does the same area multiple times. The motor went out on my Neato, so I decided to try the Deebot. I think I'll get the motor replaced on the Neato and put the Deebot in a smaller area, like a walk-in closet or the guest bedroom. Surely it can't screw that up.,I currently own an iRobot 880 series vacuum that is a bit over two years old. It still works flawlessly, but I wanted another robot vacuum for other rooms in my home. The N79 was inexpensive and I really liked the idea of the WiFi connectivity. I also was glad to see the multiple 5 star reviews.  The vacuum works fine but can not hold a candle to the iRobot brand. The N79 is light and flimsy. In just three weeks time, the rubber parts on the bottom are already tearing. I also had an issue with the home base which stopped working so the N79 could not return back to charge. That was the last straw so I packed it up and it’s going back to Amazon.  You truly do get what you pay for. If you want a resilient well made robotic vacuum, stick with iRobot.,I've only owned this for a week, so I can only speak to initial impressions.Pros:- I live in a no-shoes apartment, and I'm amazed as to how much dust this thing collects on a daily basis.  I have no idea where it's coming from, but I'm happy to know that it's being taken care of- I've got a bunch of a mid-century modern furniture that stands on long wooden legs (not the most secure), but the force with which the evac hits them doesn't cause any damage or allow anything to fall off- Setting this up to run every day at work was incredibly easy with the android app- This is an incredibly cheaper option than some of the other robot vacs out there (thanks Wirecutter for the great recommendation)- Doesn't have any problems cleaning my 800sq ft apartmentCons:- You need to make sure that you don't have phone charging cables on the ground.  The vac might get stuck on them, and if it doesn't, tugging them around definitely won't be good for the lifespan of the charger- I have a rug with fringes on the end and I've decided to keep them tucked under the rug while the vac is running.  At the end of the day, I don't know how a robot vac can solve this problem, so just something to be aware of if you buy it.This probably won't replace your need for a real thorough vacuum, but it will definitely keep your floors very clean of dust and other small debris.  Images below show how much dust this thing collects in a single run.,Stopped working after 4 months of use. The robot just spins in a circle for a few seconds until the alarm starts beeping like it is stuck.UPDATE: Ecovacs customer support have issued a replacement robot as mine was in warranty. They stated that the bumper was malfunctioning which was causing the robot to spin endlessly. I am awaiting the replacement so I can send back the faulty unit with a prepaid label. Thanks!,I purchased 2 of these on sale for $150 each. In total both cost less than a Roomba at Costco. After opening up the box and attaching the brushes, I press the button on the unit and it automatically went around and cleaned the floor. We have porcelain tiles so it's easy. However, the rollers on this machine are made from hard rubber so it sounds very loud on our raised foundation floor.It's also not that smart as it has gotten stuck quite often. Sometimes it would get stuck and hide itself somewhere under a sofa or couch. Other times it would try to go on top of a thick rug we have in the living room causing it to jam the brushes with the rug's fabrics.I don't like how the app forces you to register so they can steal your email.,I bought this vacuum on sale for $149 and it has exceeded my expectations.  On hard floors, it picks up all of the pet hair and dust.  I was amazed at how much it was picking up on a daily basis.  The dustbin is a bit small and needs to be checked regularly, but I expected that.  I love that it can be programmed/controlled via a smartphone.  I have mine set to run every weekday at 9:00am. In "edge" mode it runs around the perimeter of the room and picks up all of the pet hair in the corners.I'm not sure exactly how the sensors are set up to work, but sometimes it will lightly bump into something, and other times it will turn just before hitting something.  Either way, it is good avoiding objects.  It also is very good at avoiding dropoffs/stairs.The only downside is that it doesn't do very well on really thick shag carpets.  We have a shag throw rug that it will sometimes get hung up on.  Other than that, this vacuum is fantastic.Our cat and dogs were curious the first time it started up, but they have ignored it since then.,UPDATE:I’m lowering my initial review 2 stars down. Ecovacs made a really shady move by releasing a “new model” called the N79S instead of enabling the N79 to work with a smart home assistant and all the promises to have this model work with Alexa went to smithereens...Awful business ethics guys!This bad boy cleans and never complains :) And he cleeeeeaaaaaans :)))! I had to baby proof the apartment so he can do his job right (no loose cables or things on the floor) and won’t get tangled and clean without getting stuck :) Just clean the canister every time it’s done working and it will all be good :),I was very tentative when I got this on Black Friday for half off the normal price.  We have had Toomba's for forever, but when it came time to buy a third one, we couldn't believe how expensive they are now for the good models!  We took a leep of faith with Deebot, and love it!  For the price, I can't believe the quality of construction, how well it picks up dirt AND dog hair, and all the features it comes with!  This is one of the best purchases we have ever made, and replacement filters and parts are much cheaper than iRobot brands.We have a big house and two dogs, and this thing is run a lot.  Very happy with purchase!!!,I have owned this unit for about 3 weeks now. I previously have a Neato XV-21. This vac is 10 times quieter than the Neato and does a great job cleaning even though it zig zags it way around the house without any set pattern. The only two cons I have with this unit is that not once has it found its way back to the base. I come home and it is like playing hide and seek trying to find it. Even when I hit the home button on the app it still can't manage to locate the base. The second con is that once the battery dies, which happened a few times because I came home from work late, it loses its scheduled programming. Although resetting the schedule only takes a minute in the app it still shouldn't happen. All in all, it cleans well and for the price compared to a Neato (of which I have 3 sitting in my garage that all have issues that rendered them inop) I like it. I hope I can resolve the finding home issue and if so I work give the 5 stars.,I hate vacuuming. At least, I used to, when my only option was to use the super heavy, extremely loud Kirby my husband bought years and years before we were married (granted, the Kirby does an excellent job, but it absolutely kills my back to use). Now, though, I love running this adorable little bot every day. We have a long-haired black Maine Coon cat, and live in an apartment with beige carpets. Within a day after vacuuming, our little furbaby has rolled all over enough of the carpet and left enough hair behind to make them look gray. Now, though, I simply let the Deebot go in the morning while we're getting ready for work - it's absolutely quiet enough that we can run it at 6 in the morning without disturbing our neighbors in the building - and we have beautifully clean floors every day.I'm continually amazed at how much dust and hair it picks up, even though, again, we run it daily. It also picks up stray food crumbs and scattered kitty litter without a problem. The dustbin is super easy to empty after every use, and I clean the filters a couple of times a week (which is the frequency the manufacturer recommends in a home with pets; otherwise, once a week is probably sufficient). The side brushes do a great job of pulling dirt and hair along the edges of walls and other obstacles that the round bot might not otherwise reach into its path to be sucked up. Like most robotic vacs, the suction doesn't compare to a traditional vacuum, but its strength is that it can be run more frequently and with considerably less effort than a traditional vac. Still, a regular vacuuming with a traditional vacuum is still recommended - we're anticipating doing this every 2-3 months, down from once a week.I've heard the horror stories, of course, about robot vacs spreading dog poop, cat puke, and other nasty messes around the house. We get around that by not running it when we're not home. Again, it's so quiet that we can do so at 6 in the morning, or we could easily run it while watching TV in the evenings as well.It does not run in a pattern, so if watching it zoom around randomly would drive you crazy, you may want to consider a different bot. I will definitely say, though, that it does seem to get pretty much all of our floors despite the lack of pattern, largely because it will just keep running until the battery gets low (assuming you are using the whole house mode and not, for example, the spot cleaning function). In my experience, this takes about 2 - 2.5 hours. Usually, it's done a pretty good job on our 900ish square foot apartment within an hour.It works equally well on our laminate, linoleum, and carpeted floors. The manufacturer does not recommend it for high-pile carpets (ours is a low to medium pile), and we have found it will get stuck on our fluffy bathmat if we forget to pick it up. As with pretty much all robotic vacs, loose cords must definitely be wrangled before running it. The upside to this, though, is that we're keeping our floors less cluttered, so they're cleaner it that respect as well.Overall, highly recommended. It works so well my sister thought we'd had our carpets replaced the first time she visited after we got this vac. I was sold on the idea of the robot vac before we got it, but now I'm practically evangelical about it. I love it!,I've been using this little guy for a few months now, (purchased black Friday), and now I'm wondering why I waited so long to take the plunge!  My place isn't huge, but I could never seem to stay ahead of the cat hair, (not to mention dust from cat litter, stray tiny feathers from the down comforter, general debris, etc).  The first time I ran the Deebot, I stopped it several times mid-run to empty the bin, moderately horrified at how much it was finding.  (I knew my floors weren't great, but had no idea they were THAT bad!)  The second time I ran it, I expected it not to find much, but it filled again.  And the time after that, and after that...  It was probably a week before I noticed the dustbin contents starting to taper off.  Even now, when I think my floors are completely clean, it always finds more dust/debris/cat hair I haven't noticed.  My apartment does have lots of nooks and crevices, and while the Deebot sometimes misses an area on one run, it will generally hit that spot the next time.  It also has a little trouble getting up over the lip into the bathroom, but makes it on its own perhaps 60% of the time.  It does of course need power cords to be out of the way, but with that taken care of, it rarely gets stuck.  I now run it roughly every 2-3 days, and for the first time in my adult life, my floors look consistently amazing.,I love, love, love my Deebot! I have 2 dogs and a bad back and I would be lost without Deebot. He gets under my bed, couch and a few other pieces of furniture so goodbye dust bunnies. He keeps my rugs free of dog hair and my whole house looking clean. I have hard wood floors and area rugs. He sometimes gets stuck on the bathroom rugs but other than that he gets himself out of trouble after a few tries. It only took my dogs a couple of days to get used to him. Now they don't even move out of his way and I've seen him vacuum over their legs instead of going around. Doesn't bother them a bit.Something went wrong with the battery about a month ago, after I had had him for 10 months. He would back up then just stop. After trying suggestions from Ecovacs, which didn't work, they sent me another one immediately, along with a prepaid return label. I packaged the old one in the new box and returned it. Great product, great company to deal with.,It has almost all attributes to be a great product, but in my opinion, lacks one of the most important ones, doesn't map your house. This robot just can't know where to clean. I was wondering, how am I a suppose to know when was supposed to finish cleaning, or if it cleaned certain areas or locations, but it is impossible. So, I decided to contact the customer center, by the way, great and very responsive to any inquiries even trough email. Here is their answer to my question:"This vacuum robot does not follow a pre-determined cleaning path. Its movement is determined by the obstacles it encounters, which cause it to readjust and follow a new path. Combined with a 110-minute battery, this allows the robot to cover the most of a room’s surface, especially high traffic areas.Let the robot continue running, and it should eventually move on to a new area. You can also move the robot or run multiple cleaning cycles."Again this is just my humble opinion, I don't want a product that I need to supervise and make sure to put in certain places to clean. It breaks all the reason to have a robot vacuum cleaner. It is a pity because the robot looks great, it is quick, silent, however, ​I will return it.,It's okay. My problem is that in my upstairs where theres multiple rooms, when i click go home, it takes an hour to find the home station.Also the brushes are looks beat up after two months of use (maybe once a week).i wish them made them thicker and stronger like a regular vaccum.in summary, if you have a wide open space it works okay. like a joint kitchen/family room with hard wood floors. but it's highly annoying in area with rooms.,I love this machine. We have 2 dogs, one is a husky that sheds a lot of hair. We run this everyday and it has saved our home from becoming a giant hair ball. You do need to make sure that things are picked up and closet doors are closed. It has a little problem going over the tassels on our oriental rug however 90% of the time it glides right over them. I have also found that it sometimes has difficulty with corners. We have a house cleaner that comes in once a week so between this person and the robot our home is in good shape. So don't expect this machine to get absolutely every speck but it will help tremendously. Oh and it has not bumped into any of our furniture pieces or walls so no damage or scuff marks from the machine.,This little fella has been the best purchase I've made in a really long time.  I have hardwood floors with some throw rugs here and there,  and deebot really gets into every nook and cranny of my home,  sucking up cat fur,  my fur, dust, and random floor crapp.  With a push of a button i feel like my house is presentable. Sometimes deebot gets overzealous and gets into cords and stuff too big for him to eat... so he'll beep at me and i have to take care of it.  Minor annoyance for something i can control if I'd take the time to make sure that stuff is off the floor.My one complaint would be the phone app never has worked.  But I've never used my phone to control a vacuum so it doesn't bother me too much.,I spent months researching robotic vacs and was almost ready to pull the trigger on a Roomba when this came up as a Black Friday special.  I have two 60lb. dogs so I was looking for something that worked well with pet hair.  This got good reviews, and for the price, I figured I couldn't go wrong. It has been one of the best purchases I have ever made.We have hardwood floors and this vac works great.  I read a review somewhere that mentioned it worked better on pet hair without the main brush because removing it improved the suction, so I immediately took it off and have never run it with it on.  We have it scheduled to run every day at 6:30pm and our house has never been cleaner. I never imagined our floors could be this clean. Before we got this vac, there would be tumbleweeds of dog hair floating around the house in-between our regular weekend vacuuming. Now, there is no pet hair to be seen, not even under the beds. We absolutely love this little guy!At first our pups were completely freaked out and would cling to us while the vac ran, but after a couple of weeks they got used to it and now they ignore it.  It would be nice if the debris receptacle were bigger so that it wouldn't need to be emptied as frequently, but since we run the vac every day, it's not too bad.  It would also prefer that the unit have mapping technology because sometimes it gets hung up in an area/room, but for the price, I certainly can't complain. On a couple of occasions the vac has gotten lost on it's way back home and run out of juice before he made it, but again, I really can't complain. It would be unreasonable to expect a robovac under $200 to have the same features and performance as a model twice the price. As far as maintenance goes, we ran the vac 7 days a week for 4 months before ever changing the side brushes or filter.  We never even combed the side brushes, though I did brush the dust off the mesh filter screen every time I emptied the debris receptacle.If you have been wanting to try a robovac but don't want to spend $400 or more, you can't go wrong with the N79. It has exceeded my wildest hopes and expectations and my wife and I couldn't be happier.,We’ve had this vacuum for 7 months. It works perfectly on our wood and tile floors. We don’t use the WiFi function so I can’t speak to that. I do set it to auto clean at 6:30am or right before I get home from work. We live on a dusty acre in Arizona and it really cleans up the fine dust and cat hair! We gave it a name and joke with the kids about it being the family pet. This is because you do have to maintain and care for it. We empty the bin everyday and I’ve taught the kids to completely disassemble the dust bin and filters but most importantly the spinning circular brushes. They have to unscrew them both and remove the hair that gets stuck around them ever THREE days max! I really believe most of the early death reviews are because they were not removing the spin brushes. So much hair gets stuck in there that the motor will die if it’s fighting that resistance all the time. Just keep the vacuum clean and it will take very good care of your dust problems! Love it!,For its size, this product is quite impressive. I haven't used all its features but the remote control unit allows you to maneuver the unit as it works. The daily cleaning schedule is a nice feature, although it startled us in the house the first time it worked, as I didn't realize I had programmed it to clean at a specific time of the day.The unit does a decent job, but don't expect it to have as much suction power as a full-size vacuum. It's decent, even great, for its size and convenience, but it's not a replacement for a regular vac.So, why not 5 stars? Well, unit froze up during operation only 2 months after purchase. Customer service was top-notch, though. Their lines were busy the first time I called, but I left a message and they called back, guided me through some troubleshooting, and promptly gave me directions to allow me return the robot for a replacement. I wish I could give reviews for customer service by itself. It would be 5 stars. I certainly hope the new unit works much longer than the old one, but, at least, I'm confident in the manufacturer's willingness to back up the product.,Why didn't I buy this year ago?Just background-  We have a busy house which has 6 adults - 2 dogs ( 1 is a German Shepard that sheds constantly) , 2 cats and other critters. For years, floors have been my battle and I've used every item possible but still don't have time to make a real dent in the floors. The floors consist of hardwood/Pergo and tile. If I don't sweep daily ( or almost 2x a day),  hair clumps are everywhere. If I didn't sweep for a week ( which is what I haven't done as of today), the dog hair itself should be taking over. I bought this as my "I can't stand it anymore Christmas Present to myself" item . My attitude when I first got it was that , anything, could be better than what has been going on.I haven't swept in a week and I can't see any hair anywhere. I  have run it frequently since it arrived in each room for the entire running charge. Each time I empty the container, it has hair and dirt. It even found an earring of mine I had been searching for. Is it perfect? No.Cons: It doesn't like cords. I have gone searching for it only to find it had gotten stuck under the bed or in a closet on a shoelace or something. I have to pick items up before running it ( probably should be doing so anyway) but it has run problem free more often than not so I find it acceptable.A week in and I'm quite happy. I am not sure the rate we use this thing if it'll be able to keep up ; however, for right now, my house looks far better than it did. I bought the mopping version and can't wait to see how it works this Wednesday.,Ok - so long story short we started to have some major problems with the N78 deebot, it got so bad that the robot couldn't ever find it's way home, it would get stuck every 5 minutes, and sometimes I would find it just sitting on a single tile in the middle of our floor (like it was in front of a wall) just spinning and not going anywhere; needless to say, I contacted the company. Seeing some negative feedback about their customer service I was surprised by how quickly they got back to me and sorted out the issue. The company sent me a UPS label to send it back to them free of charge, and offered a full refund. Additionally they sorted it out so that we could pay the few extra bucks for the N79 model, I figured - what the heck, lets give it another try.We have been pleasantly surprised by the N79. The N78 was so bad that it would get stuck on very very low profile carpets and grind itself until we set it free. The N79 is so good that it tanked itself over our drying rack floor bar (sits about 3/4 an inch off the ground) that we had accidentally left out, it flies over our low profile rugs, and has found it's way home every single time - for comparison I think our N78 found it's way home about 10 times in 9 months. Needless to say, buy the N79, it cleans powerfully (picked up 4 tray fulls on it's first run), can clean low profile carpets, finds its way home, and runs quieter. Sorry EVOVACS, but my recommendation is to NOT buy the N78, buy the N79 - this model has redeemed the companies robotics in my eyes and I may purchase additional products in the near future.,We love this little robot!  We call him Flavor Flav, because it sings that to you when you turn it on.  We've had no issues with connecting it to the wireless network.  It does an excellent job on tile and hardwood floors, and a pretty decent job on low-pile carpet.  You may have to move smaller area rugs out of the way, but it handles our 8' long waterhog mat runner just fine, and does not get caught on the corners of our 8x10 indoor/outdoor rug.You definitely have to do some picking up before you start it.  It will find the most random stuff under couches and beds and drag it out or get stuck on it.  Little AND big cords are an issue too.  Make sure your lamp cords are tucked away!We haven't run it when we're not home yet, because the dogs are scared of it!  We find that for especially dirty floors, it's best to block off exits to the room you want cleaned, so it can be more thorough.  We've got 2 dogs, and a preschooler who make huge messes, and Flavor Flav does a great job cleaning up their detritus!,Wife's allergy doctor recommended we vacuum every day (she is allergic to dust). Unfortunately, that became time-consuming when added to our after work routine. Enter Rob the RoboVac.I was skeptical because of the cost, I got it for 160 after a coupon but I was wrong. This is the robotic vacuum cleaner for those on a budget. We run him every day for 2 hours which is usually how long he goes until he returns home on his own. It has been amazing to see that every night when I empty his Bin he has collected dust and cat hair. Kind of gross what your home ecosystem creates within a 24-hour window between vacuums.We still do a heavy duty vacuum ever Saturday but he has been the best purchase i've made for my "smart home"., I’ve had my deebot for 3 months now and all of a sudden it began malfunctioning. It worked great for that short time but I haven’t had much help from ecovacs customer support or the troubleshooting tips on the manual. Out of nowhere it began spinning in circles and would not move from its circle, it stops and then beeps 10 times and then shuts down. I would like to recommend this product but given the malfunction and the amount of help I’m receiving from ecovacs even with the warranty, I would steer towards a different brand or series.Ecovacs contacted me immediately after posting this review and sent a new deebot to me within a few a days. The new one has been working great with no issues.,First bot vacuum , wanted one for a long time but was unsure of the technology. This thing blows my mind. I am so impressed so far after having it a few days and ran it everyday on different floors. It does everything i needed it to do specifically, keeping under beds/couches/tv stands and my carpets looking immaculate. It can work all the time so if it doesn't get something on one pass it will revisit it later. The first time it had trouble finding its base and i had to help it and after that it was pretty good at making a b line to the area and then slowly going into its landing path towards the base but it gets there every time. Do not hesitate to get this if you are on the fence. To the guy that claimed he was computer savvy but could not get the Wi-Fi to work ,are you kidding me? The app was above expectations as it even told you if there was a problem and would restart to try again until it worked. My problem was i immediately placed the N79 into the base which ultimately was on the other side of the house from where i was setting it up on my phone. I needed to be closer to the N79 at certain points of the installation with remote and phone. Other than that, no complaints. Very Happy Camper so far.,An excellent robovac with good intelligence. No problems with stairs or Berber carpet or hardwood floors. Doesn't see the black louvered grill of my refrigerator and so bumps it, but other collisions are smartly prevented or minimal. Maintenance items (brushes and filters) seem to now be available. The fine fringe of the rubber strip on the removable brush frame quickly wore off, but performance is still not too badly impacted. The WiFi capabilities didn't seem any different from the remote control commands. I think the WiFi IoT security was very poor, so I abandoned the phone app in favor of the IR remote. I would reconsider the app if they did something brilliant like distributed processing to map the cleaning patterns (hint to the vendor).,Don't bother. Stopped working not even 2 months after it arrived on the doorstep. No abuse, kept clean, made sure sensors were fine, no large objects picked up, never went over water, nothing. Just stopped working. When troubleshooting, every fixable option didn't work. Tried the hard resetting, making sure it was absolutely spotless. There was one thing that was unanimous between buyers: this thing sucks, or rather, it literally STOPS sucking anything at all. There is this beep after trying to charge that people all said was more like a death sentence. If you got the single beep after trying everything else, it's dead, gone, prepare a funeral, get a new one, probably an actual roomba. I know they're more expensive, but our 600 series never stopped clocking overtime, he got beat up and needed new parts, but we never ever had trouble with him cleaning up. Too bad I gave him away to my mother when I got a new "cheap" machine.,Ok, I absolutely love this bot. So glad I bought it. I've played with it a lot, and it does a great job cleaning. I've been running it every day, and it has survived my curious cats attacking it, and manuvered around kids, pets, and furniture like a champ. It was super easy to put together and set up. My only complaint is that I wish the bin was bigger. With so many pets, the container bin for our bot gets full after each use.,I purchased this vacuum to replace out worn out iRobot.  The iRobot is more expensive so I wanted to give this brand a try.  Net ... buy the iRobot.  The DEEBOT does a good job at cleaning but it is "dumb" when compared to the iRobot.  It continues to clean the same spot over, and over, and over, and over again.  It always wants to go behind a specific chair and get stuck ... I move it out and it goes right back behind the chair and get stuck again.  It never cleans the entire house (the iRobot did) and seems to want to clean the same spot over, and over, and over again.It appears to be built well and I like the WiFi connectivity and app.  When the DEEBOT is turned off or loses power the schedules are deleted.  Why?  This needs to be fixed.  If I set a schedule I would like the schedule to remain set until I cancel it or change it., Terrible vacuum.  I’ve now had to return two of these as they only last about thirty days and then break.Update; the Ecovacs team has emailed me and offered assistance.  I will update this review with a review of my customer service experience.3/9/18 update.  The Ecovacs customer service Team guided me through how to fix my issue.  I am now updating my review to 5 stars.  I love this robot vacuum and use it daily.  Here is the advice that the Ecovacs team sent me.Cherry (Ecovacs)Mar 8, 17:59 PSTHello Michael,4 beeps with solid red light means main brush malfunction,Could you please try the following steps?1. Please take the main brush out and run the robot without brush to see if it works properly.2. If the robot runs normally without the main brush, please check the main brush for tangled hair or debris, then use the Multi-Function Cleaning Tool to clean it. Remember to focus on the two side caps.3. If the robot doesn't run normally without the main brush, most likely there is a problem with the motor. We will get your unit replaced.,After one week of using Deebot n79, I can say I could not be any happier and satisfied.  It truely cleans a lot better than any vacuum I previously owned especially my carpets.  I have tested it both on full carpet and combination of hardwood flooring and carpet and it doesn’t struggle at all and works full hour and 45 minutes.When I first run it although the dirt container is a moderate size, it was able to fill it up 4 times between the first and 2nd floor.I have a small dog and I could not be happier on how well it sucks all his hair up that I couldn’t even see previously.Now after the dust is minimized to almost nothing I scheduled it to run 3 times a week.  I will reduce it to less than that depending on how clean and how much dirt it collects in the future to make sure I am not over working it.Plus keep in mind that the more it turns the sooner you will have to replace the side and main brushes.Couldn’t be happier so far. I will update my review in a few months for more detailed review.,Received order very fast (especially shipping to Hawaii). FYI, I have owned a Roomba prior to purchasing this. Unfortunately, the Roomba finally broke down and was debating on getting a new one. But the one turn off about roomba's are the $$$. Yes, they are expensive. I researched and took a gamble at this N79, it got great reviews. Pros: performance is the same as Roomba. Picks up dirt, hair, dust. Less noisy. easy to maintain. and the charger isn't as obtrusive as the Roomba. N79 charger feels like it was designed to be against a wall vs the Roomba, robust and clunkier version. Cons: NO VIRTUAL WALLs, which means you have to close doors if you down want the N79 to go to certain area/rooms....but still not a  decision killer.,Broke within less than 4 months (1 day per week usage). Did last long used one a one story house, apart from the fact that it never cleaned with a logic and always left stuff behind.... and not considering the fact that it often get stock for no reason (like if you go under the chair I’m sure you can come or as well!!).... and not considering that battery life was really poor (20-25 minutes at top)... and not considering that it could never find the way back to the charger (seriously you can place it in front of the charger and it will leave that spot and start rooming around the house looking for the charger!!) So after all that it stopped working saying that there was a bumper malfunction. I cleaned followed the troubleshooting and nothing it just didn’t work. I’m never been so disappointed.I’d expect more for a robot that costs $200+!!! This is my second product from this company and they’ve both been a disappointment.,Ordered this vacuum to be an addition to what we have. We already have a Roomba 650. So that is what I am basing my comparison off of.This Ecovacs Deebot was fully charged - but was still getting stuck not only on furniture legs and transitions but in corners. I kept having to re-position the vacuum so that it didn't have both of its bumpers stuck in corners.I also prefer that the Roomba bumps into things and uses that to judge when to turn. The Deebot uses its sensor to keep from bumping into furniture. This is fine - but I prefer for the vacuum to get close to the furniture and vacuum up the dirt and dust around their bases. The Deebot didn't get close enough to do that.I am going to keep shopping and try to find the right vacuum for our house.,We bought this vacuum because of dog hair. We have two long hair chihuahua’s. Both dogs shed hair year around. We had to use a pet hair mop almost every day just to pick up small clucks of hair. We let the vacuum run 4 days out the week. It keeps the floors clean of almost everything.  It has been over a week now. The only problem we have is a small step going into our sun room. There are two pieces of wood trim that hides where the track for the sliding glass door was. It gets hung on those wood strips. We put a sliding barn door up over that entrance. The rollers and brush underneath the vacuum gets dog hair in the very easy. The batteries will last long enough to clean most of our house. The part where the dogs go. About 1100 square feet. You have to empty the tray after every cleaning cycle. It runs pretty quiet. It cleans the corners fairly well. It works well with my tablet or phone. I had to hang the electric cord off the floor so it would not get hung on those. So far it has always found the charge unit Home so it can recharge. We have hardwood floors but it goes over the area rugs fine. We wanted a robot vacuum for years I am glad the prices have came down low enough for us to afford one. I think it’s a must buy for someone with pets., This item works great navigating the house for about 6-8 weeks, and then the problems begin.  For whatever reason, the sensor on the front of the unit stops working around this point, and the vacuum starts ramming into furniture, feet, walls, and kitchen appliances at full speed.  It no longer redirects, and no longer adjusts its speed when approaching items.  This happened with the first unit I bought my wife for Christmas, and the company was excellent about exchanging the unit.  We assumed we must have gotten a bad unit.  However, the same thing happened with the replacement unit they sent us at almost the exact same point of 6-8 weeks.  When we reached out to them again about the replacement unit, the company played dumb and said the vacuum would eventually "readjust and follow a new path".  They said this after we sent them a video of the unit ramming into objects and walls in our kitchen (see attachment).  This is not a reliable unit, and apparently, the company's product support is not reliable either.  If you want a vacuum that will last you for the foreseeable future, spend a little more and go with a reputable brand.,Picks up dog and cat hair very well.Picked up other stuff like dirt, grass, dust, but couldn't pick up tiny pebbles. Works best on hard floors, but also did some decent cleaning on our carpets. It really does fit into some hard to reach places and works around obstacles well enough. Regarding its movement: It seems to run around like crazy with a few patterns, but sometimes it will take a few extra passes before it actually cleans 100% of a room. The remote makes it easy to send it manually to clean something or set up its automatic features. Out of all the crazy stuff you can buy on Amazon I think this little robot is my favorite. Cleaning up after my dog that sheds constantly used to be a nightmare.Update: it kept stopping and beeping saying the battery was low (four beeps) even though it was fully charged. I turned it over and found the main section with spinning bristles was completely clogged. I cleaned it and it now works fine again, but I thought it was totally broken since the beeps (which are explained in the manual) didn't actually describe the exact issue it was having. I still like the product, but this minor issue could confuse a lot of people.,So glad we bought this robot cleaner. We have two pomeranians that shed a lot so we run deebot every other day. I know it's working because I don't have fur flying every where and I can see how much dust deebot collected. We have hardwood and carpet and it seems to do well on both. There was one time we thought it was broken because it kept getting stuck out of no where but it turned out it ate one of my socks and half of it was sticking out. Pretty good suction power to eat my socks. We were debating between this and roomba and we are glad we chose this one. Does the job for fraction of the cost. We have a two bedroom two bathroom apartment.,Love, love, LOVE this! Use it to clean laminate with rugs and tile bathrooms, and I'm just amazed how much dust and cat hair it picks up, even after I've already vacuumed. Has only gotten stuck twice, once where there's a narrow gap between the cupboard and the floor (I just put something in that spot so the Deebot goes around it) and once when it got ensnared in the cords behind the entertainment center (which obviously I needed to block, as well). Otherwise, it just chugs along, on and off rugs, over floor transitions, etc.Amazingly quiet, compared to a vacuum. The cats don't seem to mind it at all.One thing I've learned with this is that I can't do the entire house in one go (it's a very large, single level home). After a couple hours, it will return to its base to recharge and that's it. It doesn't seem to remember where it left off, so I find I get the best result separating the space into two areas and running the Deebot in each one on alternating days.Honestly, for the price I could not be happier!,So far so good, only had it a few days, it doesn't like throw rugs. I figure running it everyday will get most of our floor, picks up a lot of dirt I didn't know was there, fun to watch.  Have to rescue it from time to time.  Great price.  Easy to empty. Update: After a week if running it everyday, can say that I still like it. Won't run it when I'm not home as it will get stuck in corners or not negotiate the lip of one of my rugs and rarely finds its way home, but still a great buy for the price.,This is my initial impression as I just got it today. I ordered this and did two day shipping. In happy to say I got this way before the expected 8 pm delivery time. So that was a great start.So lets start with the positives. it works just as it should. I was very skeptical of robotic vacuums. But I was surprised. I have a large dog. Very hairy. So there was plenty for this thing to pic up on day one. After running it for about an hour or so it was over. And we were pleased with the outcome. The floor was clean and no hair on the floor. It is very quiet. I didnt even know it was still running while i was in the next room. It has built in anti bump technology. It worked fairly well. Only bumped a couple times. You can also use your phone to check battery life. What cleaning pattern you want. Edge clean, spot clean, or room clean. It will also notify you of any malfunctions it comes across.Now a negative. There is always room for improvement. There is some room prepping to do if you want this to succeed. I had to roll up my area rug due to it being very thick. It got stuck a couple times.  It was a bit annoying but not enough for me to hate it.Final thoughts. So overall if you're a skeptic like me and dont want to spend 4 to 5 hundred on a roomba. Then I can recommend this product. For 2 hundred bucks its not a bad gamble.I will update this of anything should any issues come up.Ps.Picture is of the one run through our living room,This little oversized frisbee works great if you want to relocate all the dust and debris from one place to another. Do you need to hide all the litter your cat kicked off under your washing machine? No problem! How about all those cute little dust bunnies? Voila! Behind the shoe rack!It also entertains your patience for hours by spinning uncontrollably and refusing to work around shadows.If you happen to love beeps and your alarm tone, you're in luck! It will beep still you lose your mind. And it comes with so many different types of beeps that you don't get to control!UPDATE (April 2nd, 2018): I was contacted by their customer service after leaving this review. I sent them 2 videos of this unit malfunctioning, and they have sent me a replacement. I appreciate the prompt replacement (I've decided to add one more star for the replacement). I wish I had gotten this service when I first contacted them in October 2017.,I have a household of 6 cats and 3 dogs. Before I got this I was a slave to vacuuming and sweeping 2-3 times a day. I run this little baby once a day and when I get home from work the floors are clean. The app for the vacuum cleaner is very easy to set up and you can have different schedule everyday if you like. The whole setup took me less than 15 minutes. Emptying the dustbin is easy and it comes with extra filters and brushes for future replacement. It even shows on the app when its time to replace them! The function of the vaccum is pretty handy especially the edger. We all know how fur usually collects around the baseboard of the house so I love this function. If I want a quick clean up I just hit edger and it boom, its done. I wish I had bought this years ago. Its quiet and fast. I don't dread coming home to a fur covered floor after work. Now if it could only walk the dogs for me! :-),I was a little skeptical, at the beginning because it was very cheap compared to other brands with similar characteristics.the app in the cellphone works perfectly, although it might be a little hard to understand if you are not familiar with technology.We have been using it for about 3 weeks now, I have a dog and we have seen a major change in our home.I have just one tiny complain that I saw, and it is that there was a couple of times that the bot kept spinning searching for the charger, however it is a minor detail compared to what this product does and how it cleans.I would always recommend this, I bought it with discount and it costs 150 USD. 3 weeks later I think best 150 that I ever spent.,I got this as a Black Friday deal on Amazon and all in all I'm happy with my purchase. It picks up great and saves so much time and bending. Would buy again. The issues I hope they work on... It fails 95% of the time to home itself.. Even of its close to the base. I always have to put it up or find it when it's dying. It also for. Some reason can't see or stop for bowls in the floor.. Even big ones. My picture shows what happens if I forget to pick up the water bowl. It will push it across the room until it hits the wall spilling all the way... Which could ruin it.. At that point is it my fault or theirs?  Lastly, if you accidently bump it off the base charging nodes, even minutely, it will die without being used and you have to wait to charge it up again which takes a while. Put it or of a high traffic area for sure.  Either way.. I can deal with the quirks for the price and I'm happy with it.,Having one of these vacs is sort of like bringing home a puppy. You have to "vac-proof" your house, but once you do, it's great to not have to lug out the big heavy vacuum cleaner and push it around the floor. It took us a couple of weeks to figure out the adjustments we needed to make. Of course, tie up all cords with a zip tie, close doors to rooms where DeeBot shouldn't be allowed, put coasters under some furniture to raise it just a bit higher so DeeBot doesn't get stuck under. We put a large door mat in our laundry room because DeeBot couldn't get over the threshold. You have to pay attention to not leave things lying around the floor. We used to keep flip-flops beside the door. Now they are on a shelf. I still wouldn't go off and leave DeeBot alone. He still gets stuck every now and again, but not very often. You do have to empty his dirt collection tray after every use, but it's easy and quick.,This Deebot N79 was working great for the first 5 weeks or so (programmed to clean 4 days/week, just because). It did what it was suppose to do and the best part was that there were no more dust underneath the beds and other furniture with a height clearance of 3.5 inches or more. However, this unit developed a faulty bumper sensor so every now and then it would shut down due to a faulty bumper sensor. I contacted Ecovacs via online support and received a reply the same day by their staff (this was on a Sunday). I followed their troubleshooting guide but to no avail.  Ecovacs offered to send a replacement as soon as I return the one I have via free UPS shipping. Did so yesterday and waiting for the replacement.  I was so impressed with their quick response and resolution, I ordered another Deebot N79 for upstairs.  With great customer service I received, I feel confident to invest in another Deebot N79 just for the convenience of having one for upstairs and one for downstairs.,I bought this vacuum for my wife for Christmas. At first we loved it. It got stuck somewhere almost every night, but it always had a full collection bin, so we didn't mind having to go find it. However, in the past week or 2, the battery has stopped charging, and it now only makes it about 15 feet from the charger before beeping that the battery is low. We have only been using it since a few days after Christmas, so less than 2 months out is too short a period of time for a rechargeable battery to die.Update: I checked the app. The problem is an issue with the main brush, not the battery as I thought.Update: I have contacted customer care. They were very responsive. The nain brush will need cleaning monthly. Considering this vacuum is used nightly (using the scheduling function on the app) that’s not too bad. It still gets stuck on most nights under one of our 8 radiators, but that just makes for an amusing game of find the robot every morning.,This little robot has been a great purchase for us.  Prior to buying this getting the carpets vacuumed was a rarity- a job nobody in the house wanted to do.  Enter the Deebot N79!  The app set up easily.  Prepping the machine for its maiden clean was intuitive.Using the app makes it easy.  We typically run it after our kids have went to bed then again early in the morning.  If I am around, I select edge option for a lap around the area to be cleaned then switch to auto.The bin on the robot is adequately sized, battery life seems adequate. On occasion it will hang up on something - for us it tends to be over heat vents.  The N79 thinks it is a fall hazard results in it stopping and asking us to clean sensors.  It's pattern is random so frequency of use assures coverage.  Have been impressed by how quiet it is.The bot has embarrassed us with the amount of dust it has found under various beds!The Deebot N79 is a welcome addition to our home!,This is not a great robot. Every time it goes out on a cleaning session, it gets stuck under my sofa. My sofa has a very low bottom and the Deebot gets stuck under and can't get loose. Then it chirps that its main brush has malfunction and needs me to go rescue it, but after I lift up the sofa and pull it out, it goes back and get stuck under AGAIN, 3-4 times per session, which makes it practically useless for automated, scheduled cleaning; you have to be around to monitor it when it gets stuck and physically move it to another room or it'll go back under the sofa. You would think that this clone of a more famous brand would have some advanced programming that allow it to learn its route, map all the spots to avoid, and basically learn its environment so that it can do a better and better job and not require my intervention,  but apparently this tool has no such programming; it's a very basic vacuum, it's hard to even call it a robot, there's no artificial intelligence at all. Also it doesn't do that great a job cleaning and misses whole areas and the app is basically the same thing as the remote. I do not recommend this vacuum.,I hate dust mites...and they hate me.  If I stir up the dust mites, I get clogged sinuses...I go to sleep for half an hour or so.  So the N79 has great potential.To remove the dust bunnies, I used to lie on my stomach and swipe the spaces under the bed.  I would run outside and beat the dust mop on a handrail.  Back in the house, I would take a bright LED flash light and inspect to see if any dust bunnies escaped.  In July and August I would have to do the job twice.Today I let the N79 clean my bedroom.  I inspected under the bed with my very bright flashlight.  The vacuum did a great job!There are some problems. Problem 1:  N79 started unraveling a corned of a small rug beside my bed.  I took the rug out of the room when N79 was not looking.  Problem 2:  N79 removed one of the four pads that held up a heavy desk, when I tried this vacuum in the office area.,Context: I have a 800 sqft house, all vinyl flooring,  3 dogs, a brother in law, and my husband who's a carpenter. So needless to say, sweeping the house is dismal effort. To avoid a mental breakdown with spring dog shedding I caved and bought this. 5 days later I can walk barefoot in my house without feeling the grit under my toes. I was really hoping I would hate this to be honest due to the price but there is no way I'm sending it back.Only complaints: It took awhile to connect to my phone. I still can't connect it to my google home but I think thats the companies server issue not the device. It's a tiny bit loud but not a deal breaker.Dog review: My dogs hate the thing but avidly avoid it. My largest dog follows it around the house and just stairs at it. I have to monitor him in the fear that he will attack the vacuum but so far he just stares.,This has to be one of my favorite purchases this year..well tied with the bidet I bought hahaPros:- Surprisingly Quiet (but see con below)- Cleans up well! I even threw some orange peels on the ground to test it!- It's actually kind of smart, it knows when to push an item vs when to move. For instance, push the dog bed, but dont try to push the heavy chair.- Additionally, it actually does a very nice job cornering items and not just turning around.- I like the app feature- It covers a lot of ground for not having a very high end system. I also noticed today the dock seems to work as a light house. For instance I had it set between two rooms and the robot kept turning around as it was drawing away from the room. I finally realized by not splitting the rooms with the dock it would explore to the next room. I now have the dock in the corner of the room so the robot knows to go beyond room 1. Pretty neat feature.Cons:- Even though it says it has collision detection this thing knocks into chair legs, table legs, walls, etc.. it's very light and doesn't leave a mark, but it's a little annoying hearing the bump. Easily resolved by just letting ti run while away.- I can't figure out how to get the remote to work..it seems to work sometimes, but not others. Really not a big deal because the app works great for me (android). I even had the robot run from my office at work ;)- Obviously it's not perfect, but it doesn get stuck here and there. It got stuck on a long thread from my dogs bed, a thin power cord, and it loves getting stuck under my fridge. These are all things that can be fixed thankfully.- Im not sure why this occurred, but the vacuum dropped dust/dirt while going over my tile. It was a one time occurrence and the bin was not full - very bizarre.,I have used the ECOVACS DEEBOT N79 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner for a few weeks now. I continue to be amazed at the dust and hair it finds. Even when I think my floors are clean the tray is full. I do have one cat and I use it daily. I rated the machine five stars for what my expections were. I was not looking for something that didn't have to be monitored while it is in use. I have a larger home with a lot of Persian rugs. I turn the machine on and let it run until the battery gets low and it goes back to its charger. BUT I fold my rugs over where it will not get tangled in the machine, I make sure cords and lose items are off the floor, etc. then I let it go. Could not be happier. Every day I think I like the machine more. My house is much cleaner with its addition. The product itself seems well made with thought put into its design. There is an app you can schule cleaning and monitor the machine for service needs, etc.,Really pleased with the Ecovacs Deebot N79 Vacuum Cleaner.  It made a believer out of me.  It does a good job wandering quietly around the townhouse cleaning up dust and hair from our long hair cat.  Even gets in around the legs of our coffee table and does a nice job on the area rug there.  Because it is so quiet and backs away from things, the cat isn't afraid of it.  It does pick up a signal from our dvd controller and starts cleaning but the remote gets it headed back to the base.once.,From LENA, IL - Let me say I'm overly critical and I can't remember ever giving a purchase a 5-star which should tell you something.  And, probably unbelievably, I'm not a paid pro-rater for this company / product.  I had already purchased a Shark Ion 720 as my first vac in our new house which is 3 levels of bamboo flooring with some random rugs.  This "bot" had a way  more intelligent navigation algorithm (sorry, I work with engineers all day) and one that made sense to me.  It first followed the perimeter of the entire floor (4 rooms) and then went to town cleaning better than my Shark does on the main level.  Now I'm thinking I need to take back the Shark and buy another one of these.It will not clean marks on the floor but it does a great job of most dust, lint, dog hair and other small debris.  As you probably know, a new house is dusty for months after construction so I run the bots every other dayIF, and that's a big IF, this thing holds up and works the same for the months to come, I would tell everyone I know to buy it.  This does not have all the web application stuff or at least I haven't downloaded it because it has a remote and that's fine for me.  I hit the remote when I leave and off it goes.  I had already taken back a Hoover Rouge 900 because that was absolutely terrible and the app would not even get it off the docking station.Anyway, BIG FAN so far and hope it stays that way.ps. Just seen there was an app and downloaded.  The rating is not good but you don't need it.  Sorry I cannot comment on how well it works.,I bought our Deebot N79 in November 2017 on Black Friday.  It started out working amazing and we loved it so much!  Since it arrived we have used it every other day, for one hour to do our hardwood and tile floors.  This Deebot will only work on hard floors, and very low pile carpet.It is now April 2018 and it not longer does the job well.  It goes over the same parts of the house and we have to pick it up and move it if we want other areas done.  It also doesn't clean as well as it used to, leaving lots of dirt everywhere.  It also has trouble finding its' way home, we usually have to pick it up and place it on the charging stand, otherwise it will drive around for a half hour and still not be "home."I don't expect vacuum robots to live forever, but we only got 3-4 months of excellent cleaning out of it, and the price is just not worth it in that case!,I love my Deebot, aka Moe. I have a dog and a cat, and could just never keep on top of all the hair. We recently downsized to a 1400 sq ft apartment, and I was SHOCKED at how much Moe picked up on her first pass. Like many others, I thought I did a good job of vacuuming, swiffering, etc. Well, the dirt cup filled up before the unit even ran out of juice! After that, I ran the unit about every other day. I have wood floors with 2 flat weave area rugs and this little robot does a great job on both.I did have a problem with my first unit, with the sweeper brushes getting mangled after just about 1 1/2 weeks and part of the front bumper coming loose in the same short span. Not sure why bc I moved all cords and obstacles out of the way and as mentioned have wood floors with just 2 small flat weave rugs. The seller responded right away to my email and sent a replacement unit about 10 days later. They also sent a prepaid postal label to return the old unit. Super easy, just dropped off the next day at the post office. The new Moe is doing well; it's just been a week for the new unit, but I'm still happy with her ability to get up the pet hair and dust and brushes seem to be holding up better. I don't use the app or remote, so I can't speak to those features. I run the unit manually, bc I don't want Moe running when there might be hair balls around (yep, I read the Roomba poop story). I do take out the Dyson and vacuum the rugs weekly when I do the furniture still but Moe has taken over 90% of my vacuuming/sweeping so I'm a very happy camper. Recharge time is good, and I can do 2 runs a day if needed.Giving 5 stars bc of great customer service and bc the unit handles pet hair well and goes under furniture like a champ.,Firstly, I'm happy with Ecovacs at this point. They acted appropriately and promptly. Very respectable company.I bought two of these units on a Black Friday or Cyber Monday Week sale. I only opened one because I don't have a use for the second one until our new house is done. Supposedly the house will be done by the end of February. We'll see. The builder didn't make the deadline for the end of this year, so I'm not holding my breath.Anyway, the first unit that I had crapped out after 5-10 uses. That said, Ecovacs promptly replaced the defective device, and stated they would cover the cost of shipping, too. Honestly, I'm glad they stood behind their product rather than forcing me to return the device to Amazon (I was within my return window). Had I needed to go that route, I would have not trusted keeping the unpackaged unit and just returned both devices, so I'd say Ecovacs made the right call. Hopefully neither of the units currently in my possession crap out anytime soon!Comments on the working Deebot N79:The brushes are fine aside from the impossible to avoid, routine wear and tare. The intent to reduce the longevity of the brushes is rather difficult to miss. Great wheel placement, Ecovacs! I'd probably have designed it the same way if I were in charge, but it still annoys me slightly.Deebot picked up a lot of debris from our carpet the first few nights. I'm talking A LOT! The debris basin filled up completely two days in a row. I didn't realize the carpet at my office was that dirty. It was like the upright vacuum we have wasn't working. Okay, I'll admit it. It's more like we weren't using it. That said, I'm still amazed it picked up so much!Being able to start a cleaning cycle after I've already left home or work, is pretty awesome. I actually quite enjoy this feature. It also doesn't set off my security alarm when cleaning either.Deebot N79 has some issues when it comes to clearing certain obstacles though. It's died in my office twice because with the way my office is setup, there isn't a super easy direct way out. Also, when it's trying to leave my office, it gets caught on the very low pile rug I have in here. I just close my office door if I plan on using it, and then I'll put it in my office when I'm there cause it doesn't bother me too much and can easily be dropped at home base when it runs out of juice.It's also gotten stuck on my anti-fatigue mat a couple of times. I thought it would be able to lift itself up like other vacuum robots, but apparently not. It just spun its wheels until it ran out of batteries.Driving the deebot is moderately entertaining, but to be honest, I got a DJI Mavic Pro for xmas from my wonderful wife. If I'm going to be controlling a robot, it's going to be the one in the sky.In conclusion, I liked the performance of the unit that broke prior to it breaking enough to keep them. It does a way better job than nobody cleaning.Thank you, Ecovacs!,If you have dogs and you doubt this will reduce the amount of fur on your floor, I can unequivocally say you would be wrong after owning two of these for 4 days! I have a 95lb Lab who sheds like a 4 week old Christmas tree and a 22lb Boston Terrier/Pug Mix who also does her share of shedding.Get one or two if you have multiple levels and your socks and shoes will noticeably collect less fur.  This is life altering for a pet owner.It navigates the woods floors and rugs incredibly well,  but sometimes it'll catch the small kitchen or door mats. Honestly, I'm not sure why someone would pay more? Perhaps longevity...only time will tell.I'll update at a later date., Like someone else I saw mention, we named ours  Consuela from Family Guy. She does a great job and doesnt hardly ever get hung up on anything and finds her way out of most hang ups; but you cant leave cords and junk laying around...kids toys im guessing would be big enough for her to sense and move around. She hardly ever bumps our dog dishes. We did have to remove our long threaded rugs and will be replacing with a tight knit. I would give 5 stars but im leaving room for improvement that can be perfected. Shes quiet enough to watch tv or be on the phone around you. Ours works perfect for our 1800sf of hard floors that get covered in dog hair every two days. I love that its half the price of the other brand and bet it does just as good of a job. We also have a 6” drop to a landing and she has never fallen off it. The edge cleaner works great too. Well worth every penny. I havent timed the battery but it lasts atleast 1.5hrs. More than enough for our big house and seems to do a great job. Be sure to compliment her good work lol.,I just received this little guy yesterday and used it for the first time this morning and it’s already enough for me to know that buying this was the best decision I made in 2017. I’ve been wanting a robotic vacuum for a long time and have gone back and forth looking at different brands and models. I finally settled on this one after reading the reviews and finding it on sale for Black Friday. Let me just say, I have hardwood floors throughout my entire house, I have a cat and a dog, and I hadn’t swept in a week before using this. After one cycle this thing had my floors look like I had swept AND mopped!! I was BAFFLED at how much it picked up in the collecting bin. It cleaned up my whole house and I only had to empty the bin once.For the price of this product compared to similar products from other brands coupled with the way it performs I would say you literally cannot go wrong buying this.,I have had my EcoVac for approximately 1 week now and have used it 3 times.  I enjoy the fact that I do not have to take time out of my day to sweep.  It does go on the small rugs I place in front of my doors, however, it does not transition to the large area  rug in the living room.  I thought the pile was cut short enough for it to do so, however it does not.  That so far is the only downside of the vacuum that I have had.  It is efficient and does a good job.  I would not recommend it to run when you are not home, unless you have absolutely nothing in the room that it is doing.  My entire house is laminate floors so it runs through every room and once in a while it gets itself confused as to where it is.  But for what I purchased it for (which was to sweep for me while I am working on other things) it does a great job.,I loved my vacuum until I realized it was as scratching my hardwood floors. It left these micro scratches all over the floors, including my laminate kitchen floor. It also lefts some thick skid marks in random places. I rent and will have to be responsible for the damage. There was no way I could have foreseen or prevented this. I loved this vacuum so much and it was hard to return. I didn't notice any scratches on my tile. I wish it would have worked out.,I wanted to wait a couple of weeks before writing my review because I wanted to see if the vacuum functions on the regular basis. I would say 1.5 hrs or max 2 even when it is charged all night or all day. Second, this vacuum is awesome on hardwood floor!! It really picks up everything. EVERYTHING. I didn't realize how dusty our apartment is... We have two cats and I run this vacuum almost every day or every other day (every day in the small room where the litter box is) and I cannot complain about the vacuum not picking up cat hair from the floors. EXCEPT from the carpet. We have one carpet and that carpet stays as cat hairy after more then an hour or vacuuming in the room as if we never seen a vacuum. When I searched for robot vacuums that was one of my kay search criteria so that is disappointing.  So for cleaning my rug I still need to use my "traditional" vacuum cleaner. Also, for some reason it has a very hard time to ever find it's home (even after we placed the dock just as it was instructed) so I usually just pict it up and bring it to the dock. Overall I give this vacuum a 4 star because it does a phenomenal job on our hardwood floor, but if you are specifically looking for a product that cleans your rugs I would keep on searching. Maintenance is pretty simple. I clean it every few weeks, and inspect is every week. You need to listen to it also because if something is stuck it will sound differently., Good robotic sweeper.  I like that it goes under the beds and tables in hard to reach places. It picks up fine dog hairs rather well but it does leave some hairs behind. I wish it had a more predictable sweeping pattern like back and forth instead of go straight make a right or left turn, go 3 feet turn again in an unpredictable pattern. Some of the floor is never touched. The edges against the woodwork are usually left with dog hair (I have hard wood floors). There is an edge button you can press on the phone app that will do the perimeters of all the rooms.  I tried the deebot on a carpeted room and it seemed to struggle and lost battery power more quickly than when used on hard wood floors alone. One strange thing about this sweeper is it does not sweep around the charging base so I always have to use the hand broom around the base.... kinda strange! It does get stuck on the transition of the floor-see the video—into the bathroom(it’s not that high). There are pros and cons for this sweeper but I still love this Deebot!,Much improved from the originals models, easy to use, easy to empty, very quiet, picks up more than I expected. It does take a bit of wall space to live in with its docking port, but who cares when I can read and vacuum at the same time? There is a nigh irresistible urge to anthropomorphize the little fellow, as he scurries about in his own pattern, alarming the cats. I have called mine "Reynolds" -- a good butler's name.Got it as a present for myself after a big project was completed and am very satisfied. I thought it might be defeated by a house which harbors cats and parrots, but the little fellow chugs along and is very savvy about not getting stuck. I have no rug fringe -- I remember that being the biggest difficulty for my original one, many years ago. So still look out for the rug fringe or anything similarly stringy. Needs to be emptied often, but that is easy to do and the filters are easy to rinse and replace.,I own both an iRobot Roomba 652 and a Ecovacs Deebot N79.  The Deebot is much better in my opinion.  The iRobot Roomba is much louder, taller (so it doesn't fit as well below some of our furniture) and bumps into walls and doors.  Alternatively, the Deebot fits under all of our furniture, is so quiet compared to the Roomba 652 and senses when it is about to bump into something and turns away before hitting it.  Deebot is also controlled via my iPhone and this model of Roomba is not.  It is still a great vacuum, but in my opinion the Deebot blows Roomba out of the water!,Other than having a remote control and an app, this bot is not much smarter than the original Roomba I had about 10 years ago.  There is no intelligent mapping (very disappointing in 2018) and while it slows down before it collides with some things, it crashes full speed into other obstacles.  And the sensors are overly sensitive.  If you have light colored flooring, don't try to run this on a sunny day, it will stop as soon as it runs over a shadow and claim the anti-drop sensor needs cleaning.  The sensor for the front wheel is also too sensitive as it frequently claims the wheel is stuck but when I pick it up, the wheel spins freely.  The app also needs some work.  The bot will get stuck and start beeping but the app will simply change from a status of 'cleaning' to 'standby'.  How about a notification that the bot is stuck?  Or how about ANY notifications?  "bot has malfunctioned', 'cleaning is done',etc.  And if you're in a different room, don't bother pressing the home button, the bot will NEVER find it's way back to the charger.As such this is not a 'set it and forget it' bot, it requires quite a bit of oversight.While the vacuum is powerful, the storage bin is small and you will need to empty it each time you run it.,These are good for the price. I have been a long-time roomba user but wanted to try something new. These (I have 2) actually find the base more often then my roomba. It does a good job cleaning, though sometimes bounces along the carpet vs being smooth like the roomba. Maybe it is going too fast along the carpet for some reason. My roomba full bin light would come on too quickly even after I clean the sensors, but the Eco dies only after the bin is actually full. I think the roomba cleans a little better than the Eco but is not worth the high price. I will stick with the Ecos.,This thing becomes akin to a family pet, and, like a domestic animal in the house, it sometimes needs the setting of boundaries and the monitoring/correcting of behavior, to say nothing of regular maintenance of its self-contained litter box. It's not perfect, but the payoff is remarkable.I believe the more expensive versions will eventually get to know the house and its layout, but this one at half the price just goes off merrily on its way within your prompt of the kind of space you want it to cover (spot cleaning around which it rotates in a spiral, within a room so that it limits its roaming, along the edges of the space so that it attacks the crud along baseboards and under baseboard heating), and sometimes ventures off on its own (probably from a stray remote signal), so we leave it turned off after it's charged itself. The operating principle is that although it sets off without a real road map, it will eventually cover everything if left alone for a half hour and a lot of that with multiple passes that only pick up more dirt. If you want it to stay in a defined area of a larger space, you have to set up boundaries, like a couple of dining room chairs at the foot of a hallway you don't want it to go down. You can also steer it with the remote, or just pick it up and move it to a new area. And there are other eccentricities in behavior you have to learn how to work with.But OMG, the cleaning is remarkable. We put it in a small bedroom that had been traditionally vacuumed for years, closed the door so it wouldn't escape into the hall, and left it alone for a half hour. Could have filled a small pillowcase with the dust, hairs, grit, etc. that it picked up. Same experience wherever it goes and even when you do the same spot over again the next week, getting all the accumulated dirt of several days.And then, like emptying a litter box, you have to open it up and clean it out after each trip. Not pleasant, but easy to do, and satisfying when you see how much bad stuff you're removing from your environment.Recommended, but like a good dog or house cat, needs good attention.,As a former long-time user of ROOMBA products, (10+ yrs.)?  I have to say, ECOVAC has opened my eyes!  Not only does it seem to be a better cleaning product overall?  But even minor improvements have been made with ECOVAC! Dumping the on-board dustbin for example?  Always a pain on the ROOMBA, with its somewhat narrow door?  But on the ECOVAC, it's a latched hinged flap which opens the entire top pf the dustbin.  Whats more, it's a one had operation and no balancing skills required to accomplish the task!  Not so with the ROOMBA!! Battery life not an issue!  The ECOVAC seems good for about 2 1/2 to 3 hrs.  The ROOMBA a little more than half that, even with a battery upgrade a year ago! And lastly?  The dogs haven't figured out how to play their silly games on me, in that they don't know how to turn off the ECOVAC in the middle of it's cleaning cycle, as they did do with the ROOMBA?  I'd have to restart the ROOMBA a half doz. times through its cleaning, before it was done?  ...Those darn dogs!!,Only had it for a week but love it!!! Rosie as we call her does the job the more expensive vacs do. We have dogs and I have long hair, the hair does tend to get wrapped around the beater bar but it is easy to take apart to clean. Love this vac!!!UPDATE: I still do love the vac but she does get stuck under everything!! I hate having to fish her out from under the couch, I wish she would sense that it not going to fit and back up not proceed to get shoved farther in. I have to clean her a lot! Hair does get stuck all over the beater bar and the side catching brushes are a mess already and will need to be replaced soon. I just got this in December, so it seems like I should buy a few at a time. I wish it did a better job getting stuff on the edges of the rugs also, it will just go on the rug and leave dirt on the floor. The front wheel got jammed up with dryer lint and was not running. I tried to remove it but ended up having to pick it out with tweezer because its not removable. Overall I am happy with this it stops me from having to vacuums everyday.,This was a Christmas gift for my in-laws to help them keep up with all the dog hair, seems how we 4 dogs and 1 cat living with us. The first use was great and we were all really shocked by how well it gets around.  We are all really shocked by how well of a clean it does too! Run it Monday-Sat once a day to keep up with the dog hair. My in-laws floors have never been cleaner. The app is really handy, tells you what is wrong with it, when it needs  something, or if it's stuck. If you're just using the remote you aren't going to figure anything out with it. However, I have to give this 4 stars bc the product is very handy and very useful, but it does have some flaws. Unless I'm wrong I don't think this thing maps out the house. If it does then Idk why it has trouble getting to the charger port. We set it in a well known location and it takes forever to make it back to the charger port. We have to guide it back 90% of the time. This is really the only issue I have with it. Everything else I love! This is a great product and I would definitely recommend.,Identical to the iLife A4S and the Eufy Robovac-same remote and charger even, so just buy whichever is cheapest. That said, these vacuums are incredible. I've struggled with my black lab and Jack Russell shedding, to the point where I could stuff a couch each week with their fur. That is no longer an issue. I don't think I've swept or vacuumed in 3 months. I have all hardwood floors with a half a dozen or so area rugs. One of them I pick up and sit in a chair when I run the vacuum because the vacuum tends to move it around, but that's my fault for not having anything underneath it to keep it from sliding. The other rugs have no problems.,Wow! We love our vacuum. It has become a part of the family. It goes over vinyl plank with texture, carpeted bedrooms, tile bathroom, area rugs, under beds, under furniture. It finds dust I didn’t know I had! Hasn’t fallen down the stairs yet. Navigates well. When it gets stuck-usually on a heater vent and beeps my son runs to save it!!Greatest purchase since my bread machine!Both Mom and Mom in law getting one for Christmas!,Extremely happy about the vacuuming ability of the robot. Also happy about how much coverage the robot handles on a single charge. The wifi capability is a very handy feature as I like to manually start the robot (which is downstairs in my house) after I go upstairs to bed. It is also relatively quiet which is great as I don't hear it when I'm upstairs with my bedroom door shut. The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the robot seems essentially clueless as to where it's base station is when I tell it (using either the remote or wifi app) to go back to its charger. Instead it seems to aimlessly wander around the house with clearly no clue as to where the charger is. I set up the charger as instructed with  ample room in front and on each side. I even talked to customer service about the problem and while they were very helpful and even sent me a replacement product (after over the phone troubleshooting failed), the 2nd robot does the exact same thing. So when I run the robot at night, in the morning I usually find it with the battery drained and nowhere near it's charger (despite it supposedly capable of going back to its charger when the battery gets low).,First of all, the unit is a little underpowered and the battery life is too short. I have two short  nap area rugs and it can’t climb over the edge unless it hits the rug at an angle. It tends to get stuck in tight places. Expect to spend time rescuing it unless your room is free of random furniture pieces.  When the battery is low it gets worse. The iPhone app works well but could use a little upgrading. Also, it is slow to connect to the internet when setting it up. Be patient for 2 minutes for a connection. On the positive side, it cleans well and finds dirt and hair and goes under places hard to clean, providing you have at least 3” clearance. It’s fun to use and supplements your house cleaning. It doesn’t replace your normal cleaning routine. Considering the lower price I paid for it instead of several hundred dollars for a better one, I bought a second unit for a birthday present for my daughter. She loves it! I give it 4-1/2 stars.,When it first ran I was somewhat surprised that it filled up the dirt container because I thought that although the floor could use a sweeping, it didn't seem all that dirty.  When it ran the second day, it once again filled up the dirt container.  I had no idea I was living in such squalor.  This vacuum actually cleans.This vacuum doesn't seem to have any pattern to where it goes but it does seem to eventually get pretty much everywhere it can fit, and for the price, it can't be beat.Con:  A small point but the Wi Fi app could be better.  Perhaps when they get around to including it in Alexa (ECHO) like they did with their other Deebot models.,They are replacing my Deebot.I really like this vacuum but suddenly it is running into things. It did not do that and that was the reason we bought it and purchased another for our daughter. I have been communicating with the company and they have been trying to resolve the issue but I can tell by the last response they are leaning towards not doing anything. Now they are saying the running into things is normal. Just yesterday my daughter commented that her vacuum doesn’t run into things like ours does. Very disappointed!Update, Deebot is being replaced.,Took the plunge on this Vacbot after perusing them for months. I have to say it does a pretty good job on my hardwood and area rugs but corner cleaning is definitely lacking. Even in edge clean mode it misses a fair amount, but honestly no worse and probably much better than  I could do with a standard vacuum.Overall, I'm impressed and recommend it, especially for the price. It does get stuck under some types of furniture occasionally, and one time he couldn't find his base in home mode and ran out of battery trying to get there.Lastly, and who would expect this, but my power went off this morning while I was in the shower. I got out of the shower to the sound of Vacbot roaming the house! Logically, the manufacturer tells you to leave it ON even while on the base so you can activate it from away / remotely. What they don't tell you is that if the power goes out he starts wandering looking for his "missing" power base. Too funny! I had to pick him up, shut him off and put him back on the base.,I bought this feeling guilty for getting such an extravagance. I was wrong. This is an investment in your quality of life and I love the difference having it has made in my house. The whole house looks much more put together and my floors look great. Best of all, every time it runs I get to play with my kids and let it do all the work for me. This thing is great. The app is easy to use and very helpful- it even gives you status reports on the brush heads and filter so you know how much life they have left and don't have to wonder. Stop waffling and buy one! You'll be so glad you did. It's been worth every penny for me and I'd highly recommend it.,It's very quiet and does have very good suction, but it gets stuck on the smallest of ledges, and doesn't avoid them. If i left it upstairs, it would get to the top of my stairs and start beeping loudly when it found the edge. it wouldnt back up like most other bots. Also, it wouldnt go under the couch and clean there. The pattern is completely random, so it doesnt do a great job cleaning. I do like the remote control in the app. It is great for chasing around the dog.,I have hardwood floors with area rugs and this machine works delightfully. With two toddlers and a dog I expected this machine to pick up a lot but was surprised by the results which exceeded my expectations. The bot does get tangled on some objects such as cords and loose socks. My floors have never been cleaner. Love the automatic option to have it start the same time each day. I cannot speak on the app as I have not downloaded. I would recommend this product to anyone. We call her Rosie.,I wasn't sure how I'd like this vacuum. But I love it! I have two dogs and about to have 3 under 4 years old in September. My new house has a ton of tile and it super time consuming to sweep every day. I thought how much more can this pick up after sweeping and I was shocked to see what a great job it had done. I highly recommend this especially for the price. My husband even is impressed by it and I thought he'd be mad I bought it. Very happy with this purchase so far.,We have been using this for 3 weeks now and have it set to run every weekday while we are at work. It has made it back to the dock on one single occasion. Usually we will find it dead on a transition from an area rug to hardwood floor. I really think we will end up returning it because 3/4 of the time it looks like it got stuck and died in the very beginning of its run. We keep all doors closed and only use it for our dining room and living room.*Edit*  It's now been 2 months and still the deebot has still only made it it back to the dock the one time. About 3-5 minutes into its scheduled cleaning it always gets some kind of malfunction. (Side brush, wheel motor, bump protection) We are now outside the return period, the wife kept wanting to like it. So if any one wants to buy a slightly used deebot message me and name your price. We just bought a stick vacuum and the deebot is a total loss for us.,Well I saw this little robot on a lightnining deal and I figured why not get, my girlfriend and I basically hate vacuuming the floors all the time.  I have 1 dog and she constantly brings in dirt and sheds like any normal dog.  My floors basically get dirty everyday.  Once I received this little guy I made it go to work and I was amazed at how much dirt , dust and hair this thing picked up.  I never really realized how dirty my floors were until this robot cleaned up the floors.  It’s also very convenient to use and has a pretty decent battery life.  Now it’s not the smartest robot but hey I’ve never had anything like this, so for anyone who’s never used one, you’ll find it pretty amazing.  The robot the occasionally get stuck on certain places, but it lets you know with annoying beeping sound.  The robot can be controlled via WiFi on your phone or with the provided remote control.  Overall one of the best purchases I’ve made in a while.,UPDATE 4/12/18: the Android app, which is pretty much needed to use the device, just came out with an update with absurd permissions.  The previous version asked for NO permissions, but this one wants access to: - my phone's location - my phone call information - my photos - my device id and call informationYOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING!  I will not update the app.It's OK.  It regularly is unable to find its way back to the charging station.  It's happened on both stories of my house.  Also, it occasionally gets stuck going up on things.  So far, that is: bathroom scale, heater return cover, lip into bathroom (1/2" raised up).  So, I protected all these things so it doesn't get stuck, but even so, it gets lost.  The instructions/documentation with the product is fairly poor.  I had questions, which weren't answered by it.  I was wavering between 3/4 stars, and I might change it in the future.,So far so good. It needs better sensors to be able to go under furniture. Sometimes there is little but still enough space but de robot wont go underneath. They also need to create a more efficient cleaning pattern. Auto is random and the robot normally has to take three rounds or more to actually cover the entire area and not miss spots. There could be a different cleaning pattern, which allows the robot to clean more efficiently and suffer less wear. Edge pattern is very good, but again it is only edge. Also the schedule needs to allow to set up a finish time, not only a start time. I cant have the device run for only one hour if I wanted too. Once the scheduled task starts it stops only when the battery runs low. Not good. This creates too many charging cycles in the battery and therefore it will last a lot less. Overall is not bad. Let's see after 6 months. Suction is excellent for hard floors. You will be amazed at how much dirt this thing will pull out of your floor. Carpet is not what this is meant for. So, dont expect too much in that regard.,Worked very well then stopped - see what wrote prior, the malfunction (side brush motor)  happened the day I wrote this review, uncanny. I really liked it.Been using this for about a month. First off, I have a long hair dog that sheds, a lot! For my purposes this has been almost perfect. I have ceramic tile floors, 3 rooms, with with five different area rugs (low pile) and, candidly, all sorts of stuff sitting about at any given time. i.e. shopping bags, baskets and lots of chairs in the dinning room, so I was very skeptical  that it would work without getting stuck or getting the job done. It has worked very very well. I press the button on top of the machine while it is in the charging doc and I leave the house in the morning, Come back and floor is clean and it is back in  the doc. It seems to be well thought out and whatever software they use is great. It almost looks intelligent as it switches from place to place, getting in corners and  throughout the house. My highlights Pro and Con below:Pro: Smart and powerful, picks up dirt and pet hair well and a lot of fine dust that would probably be missed otherwise. The filter(s) are easy to clean and well designed.Cons: It has gotten stuck one time, under a sofa (which by the way it typically shoots under and pops back out with surprising ease) I came home and had to fish it our with a broom stick. But this has only happened once in about 30 uses, so not sure, I think it may have run over a lamp cord, so... Also: Around stairs - I tested it a couple times on my second floor, when it came to the stairs, the "drop" sensor worked well and it did not go flying off, BUT when it was waddling it's way backward the wheels ended up cantilevered just over the edge and it shut off. Good it did not go tumbling, but it did this every time so if you have stairs check this out first, if you want to run it unattended and have it complete it's rounds.,Our DEEBOT's name is Kevin, and Kevin is worth his weight in gold.  I didn't want to spend $400-$500 on a vac to find out they didn't meet my expectation so I read a lot about different models and settled on the N79.  We have 2 dogs with short hair (Boxer & English Bulldog) that shed all the time and keeping up with vacuuming was a chore and a half.  Kevin sets off and does his work for about an hour and then heads home for a nap.  Each time I empty him I cannot believe the crap that he is pulling up, even after we've done a vacuum with a high dollar upright machine that we thought worked great.  Kevin goes on all 3 of our floors and has only been stuck a few times because his whiskers catch in something, like a floor register.  If I could give a 6 star rating I would and the Android app is handy to have as well.  The only think that would be better is if he could jump from stair to stair.,Had to return the first purchase after just two weeks.  The sensors stopped working and it went crazy!  It worked great at first, but then began ramming into everything at top speed.  It wouldn’t sense anything, not even walls, and would never slow down before slamming into whatever was standing in the way.  It was downright violent at times and could have easily damaged the furniture without intervention!  Not only the violent crashing, but it also began to get stuck constantly.  It would randomly stop without any obstacle in its way and would start screaming at the top of its lungs (or should I say filter) until I would give it some attention .  I returned the psycho sucker and adopted a new one!  Thank god the new baby has been a much more tame than the evil twin I returned to the nut house!  It is incredible!  I love it more than I ever though possible and plan on never living without it.  Ever.  Let’s just hope it remains sane and doesn’t turn into a scary psycho sucker like the last one.,I don’t usually write reviews but had to here. I saw someone else has written about the same problem but stated no one from customer service could help. My robot started giving me error beeps after two weeks of running perfectly fine. I checked the manual and corrected the issue, but the robot would not work. I emailed customer service who replied with a suggestion. Unfortunately, that did not fix the issue so they shipped me a new one, no questions asked. I was emailed a label to return the defective one. The new one arrived after a few days and has been working just fine.It picks up dust and dirt I did not even know was there and I’m kind of a clean freak. It’s fairly quiet and is good about avoiding most obstacles. Great buy for the price and now I can’t live without it., This things is amazing! Very powerful and pretty quiet. The only problem is that after a month the AC power adapter for the charging station started to disconnect. A slight movement of the wire was disconnecting the charger which triggers the device’s “look for home” mode. I contacted the customer service and only learned that the adapter can be purchased on amazon... I feel this should be something covered by the warranty.This issue had been resolved by ECOVACS customer service.,This thing is great. Had a couple places it would get stuck so i just moved some things around and it makes its way back to home base no problem. I would recommend giving your house a good cleaning with a full size vac first then use this little guy to maintain. I love the app because i can have the house vacuumed at any time before i have friends over. I have used for over 2 weeks hopping for 2 years of life.,If I could give this six stars, I would.  My daughter named our Deebot Carl.  Carl is a member of the family.  He does more to make my apartment a livable place than my teenager, who is taxed with the job of emptying him daily and rescuing him when I forget to block off that space under the dishwasher where he gets stuck. She doesn't care, she loves him, and it means she doesn't have to sweep anymore (and maybe that's why she loves him so; I know it's why I do).I have Carl set to do his rounds every evening after dinner.  With a minimum of prep, he runs for an hour or so, and my apartment floor has never been so clean. I can happily walk around barefoot without being afraid I will step on a dust bunny or a stray piece of cat litter.  Carl is able to go over our low-pile rugs with no problem whatsoever.  He even makes it over the raised threshold into my bathroom.  Carl is a wonder. The cat isn't very fond of him (he moves around her bowls, and I suspect she actually likes having litter all over the floor), but you can't please everyone.,So overal I really like the robot, this is after my first week of use, couple of thoughts:1. Whatever algorithms they program into the robot which facilitate the different cleaning modes work to varying degrees. The auto clean is the best mode, with the return to charge being the worst. The robot has a very hard time finding its way back to the charging station, the charging station is out in the open with the recommended clearance as dictated by the manufacteror. Annoying to have to find the robot once its died and has not managed to find its way back to the charger.2. The robot is easy to clean out and does a great job at picking up almost any dirt and crumbs, even with a 2 year old leaving partial crackers and such.3. The scheduling feature is nice, just wish you could pick which routine the robot will use when you schedule it to turn onWill update again once the one month mark has been reached,I've owned the ECOVACS deebot N79 for about 3 months now and it's one of my best purchases! I gave it 4 stars only because it doesn't get around the walls very well and does not vacuum on high pile rugs. It took a few trial runs before "deebot" made it back to the charging station but since than I have had no issues with it not Making it back before the battery dies. Does excellent on vacuuming up all the pet hair from my husbands 2 dogs and our long haired cat on the hardwood floors. Carpet again not so much. It does okay on rugs that are not very fluffy but since my downstairs is all hardwoods and that's where the animals stay it's not a huge issue to get my shark out to vacuum my upstairs. Machine is very easy to empty out the dust bucket and charges quickly. I have yet to use the programming feature only because I like to be home when it's running. It has gotten stuck a few times on the vents we have in our floors and it also got caught in the wires from my husbands computer when he forgot to shut his office door. Other than those few small issues I've been super pleased with this purchase and would highly recommend for anyone that has a lot of hardwood or tile floors.,I bought this at full price and I see there is now a $50 coupon for it, it would be silly to pass it up at that price for those of you looking. I've had expensive Roombas before and after a couple years it just went to crap. So, I spent time looking at other cleaning bots, and this one caught my eye. Great price, does everything I need it to, and love it. I have 3 dogs and 2 kids so floor sweeping is a must. Solid purchase all around, and when I had an issue with it their customer support was immediately on point. They had me send the old one back and sent out a new one at no charge. I'm happy with this purchase and it does a great job on rugs, tile, and hardwood.Just an FYI, the issue my first one has was a clicking noise that then said "Main brush malfunction". I cleaned it and took it apart and that didn't solve it. If you have that issue, contact their customer support directly and they'll help you out.,We love our little vacuum!  It has helped me and my little family keep our house picked up.With that being said this is not a replacement for a normal vacuum. While it does pick up cheerios and other smaller things it does struggle with little pieces of paper and the like.Our biggest benefit that we have have seen is that we have been more motivated to keep our floors picked up so that the vacuum can do its job.  I have a 4 year old and a almost two year old that are difficult to motivate to pick up the floor, but when the hear the beep that goes off every time the vacuum starts they start picking up toys and everything else they can do that the Vacuum doesn't suck it up.  Cleaning has turned into a little game!We have a smaller house and the vacuum goes for a little over an hour and a half so it gets pretty much everywhere.We have loved it and recommend it to everyone.,I must admit I was hesitant to order this because I’ve had a Roomba in the past and didn’t use it.  It’s only been about a week now but I have use this little machine every day since it arrived.  The amount of dust and hair that it picks up that I wasn’t even aware was on my floor is unreal.  I specially like using the edge option mode which means that the little machine goes into all the edges, corners, and around furniture.  I absolutely love this gadget!  I’ve included a picture of my flooring because I have really dark floors for those of you with the same worries I had about it working on dark floors. It does!,Have been thinking about getting a robo vac for awhile. After sifting through the multitude of vacuums with obvious fake reviews ( get the dates of the feedbacks - they should be random) I checked on line for other reviews and decided on this model.  It won't replace my regular vacuum but I will be vacuuming a lot less. It took a bit to get the app set up but ended up being my router. Vac does get stuck with his nose under things that he is too tall for, on one floor register but not the others. You do need to pick up cords that are hanging etc. For $200 to have this help is absolutely wonderful. I should have done this along time ago.,Let me start off by stating we have a 3400 sf home and not one inch of carpet. ALL hardwoods. I am absolutely kicking myself for not making this purchase sooner. Didn’t honestly think it would clean good enough (as if I was keeping up.)I hadn’t swept my kitchen in over a week and this little guy got it spic ‘n span in under an hour (it’s a large space). The app is easy to set up and It tracks when you need to change your filter, how much battery you have left, etc. I saw where another reviewer said the app infringed too much on their privacy - listen, I am just as paranoid as the next person when it comes to big brother and all, but I doubt some vacuum is spying on me. If it is, my dog barks too much at it for it to hear anything good anyway.At any rate, love the vacuum - considering a second one for the upstairs.,Love this vacuum! My mom got one too off of our recommendation. My sister in law is jealous that we can control ours around the room with the remote or app as she spent several hundred more than us on one that can’t be controlled (it just randomly moves around). It has several other features of different cleaning patterns that I use such as the spot cleaning and the one where it goes along the walls of a room. I have left the door to the basement open occasionally and have seen it head that way, sense the stairs and turn away from them (not a feature I try to test but have seen it work numerous times). Picks up tons of cat hair from under the couches and between using this regularly and lent rolling the couches, my friend who is allergic to cats and tends to get itchy and sneezy when being in a house with cats is able to be in our house comfortably. It has trouble finding its home when it’s in another room so I just control it manually towards the docking station and then hit the button to make it go home. It also did get stuck on the long carpet that came with the house but we recently replaced the carpet to a very typical length carpet and now it can go easily from our hard wood to our carpet to our tile. Ive now used it several times a week for about 6 months and it still works perfect!,I have physical challenges that make it difficult & painful for me to use a vacuum cleaner or a broom. This is the solution. We are a bit messy & have 3 cats, 2 with long hair. I run this through the entire house every other day & my floors are clean! It even scrapes off dried cat food from the wood floors. I was skeptical especially because of the low price, but this really does work. Great value for the money.,I wish I had splurged on a Roomba. This product did a pretty good job of collecting dirt and dog hair, but it had a terrible sense of direction. It took it over a week to be able to find it's charging station, and after a few days of making it home, it forgot how to get back again. It would die in a complete different room, no where near the charging station. It's battery only lasted about an hour at a time, it could never complete our 1300 sqft in 1 charge. I think it covers more area than that, but it has a tendency to go over the same are 10 times and leave others untouched. There was a 3 day period that it never even swept the room the charging station was located. I ended up returning the product after trying it out for a couple weeks and I am very happy with the return process. I'm glad it seems to work for others, but this vacuum did not work for us.,We've had this bot for about a month now and it is wonderful to have.  I've never used a different brand so I can't compare it to another but I am very pleased with Deebot. We haven't installed the app. We just use the provided remote and let it vacuum while we are home and doing other things. We don't have carpet and we do have a Pomeranian and a cat. This bot does an excellent job of keeping our floors clear of dust and hair. I use it in mornings and again while making supper. It does get stuck under a couple different sections of cabinets but it isn't a problem for me to nudge it on again. When it's time for another one I will definitely look at another just like this one.,I don't know how I have had a short haired dog and lived without this machine! It is quiet, seems to do a good job of vacuuming all areas and picks up as much as my normal vacuum. It finds its way back to the charger and hasn't gotten stuck anywhere yet. If you have a pet, empty the filters after each use. Great product!,Hubby and I looked at lots of reviews and decided, since we were newbies to robot vacs, to pick a well-reviewed product on the lower end price-wise. We are both thrilled with our choice.Rosie (our Deebot N79) is wonderful.  We set her off the morning after we got her and wow did she pick up lots of dust and dirt. Admittedly it had been a week since we had vacuumed, but I was pleased with her results. Especially pleased that she effortlessly gets under beds, chairs, sofas and tables that are difficult (or impossible) to move otherwise.She never got tangled in our rugs or fell down the steps. She did get stuck under a table cross-bar and in an electric cord, but she beeps for help and was easily straightened out.My husband found it easy to empty for dust bin and do the weekly maintenance - we are thrilled.  Go Rosie!,Amazing, amazing, amazing. Why didn't we get this sooner? Do you know how nice it is to sit and sip coffee as your house is being vacuumed? Try this thing out. We have 2000 sq ft. of living space on our main level. Tile in the kitchen area, hardwood floors throughout with different rugs of various plushness. This little guy does transitions easily, handles the rugs, under tables and chairs, edges, corners.....this hardworking little guy even systematically got in-between our banister rungs with his little brushes. Emptying is a cinch, comes with extra tools and replacements parts/filters and it gives us about 2 hours of hard work every time before returning to the docking station to recharge. With a yellow lab, plus two girls in the house, hair is the enemy and lil Deebot is the answer. Our floors haven't looked better and it's too easy. Best $230 I've spent in a long while.,Update 2/13/2018: I have been using this for about 5-6 weeks and it has quit working. All it does is go around in circles then stops and has a bumper exception error.First review: I have been thinking about getting a robot vac for a couple of years. I just wasn't sure if it would do a good job. I broke down and finally this one which is pretty basic and has good reviews. It does a great job. Now I wish I wouldn't have waited so long. When this one wears out, I will be looking for one that has all the bells and whistles.,The dirt compartment fills up easily and can be a pain to clean every time.  Also if you don't check on it, it can stuck in a corner.  I prefer to turn it on when I'm in the house.  I gave one to my parents as a present since they are getting old and lugging around a vacuum is no longer an option.  I would buy continue to buy this brand especially if they come out with an upgraded model that they make it easier to clean.,It does the job, but it could be better. After owning a couple of Neato's in the past I decided this time to purchase a cheaper vacuum robot, and this one does the job but lacks a little bit on power - it also misses some spots as the random process is not very efficient. It also gets in some of the  high carpets (I used to have magnetic boundaries with my Neato, which worked great, but it seems they don't work on this vacuum). I think for the price you can get a decent robot vacuum but cannot expect too much from it...I hope it lasts at least 2 years before I need to replace it (will need to come back and edit the review in 2020, ha!). The remote control is a nice touch, however,.if this is your first robot, it will surprise you with all the dirt it gets, but if you already have robots in the past you might find yourself a little disappointed. Overall, an ok vacuum to have.UPDATED REVIEW: -- May 2018 (6 months after original purchase)Well, the robot stopped working, I'm very disappointed. First I thought it wasn't coupling with the charger correctly, but after a whole week of making sure it is charging the robot just doesn't start at all. I'm glad I bought the extra warranty, which I'm gonna contact after this review, because it is really a lot of money to send it down the drain. I still think it was an ok vacuum as it keeps the house clean, but to stop working after such short period of time is really not what I expected.,I hired deebot (aka Maggie) about a month ago with the understanding she would work for 2 hours on hard floors and then go straight home.  Occasionally she will work few minutes longer and mind you that is fine with me but I have made it quite clear I am not paying for overtime.  She is a hard working gal and picks up an embarrassing amount of dust and cat hair on a daily basis.  Her only complaint is when a forgotten cat mouse toy gets stuck in powerful grip and she lets me know via the app she needs assistance, no biggie.  I asked Maggie to give it a go on the carpet and she did but the poor gal lost energy after about an hour and needed to go home and recharge.  We went back to just doing hard floors per our agreement.  If Maggie gets lazy and shirks her duties, I will update.,​I've been wanting a robot vacuum for a long time. I'd adopted a dog recently, and even though she's not a long-haired dog, her fur still gets everywhere so it seemed like the right time. Not only that, I live in a big city and the amount of dirt we track in is quite a lot. After some initial objections from my girlfriend about the usefulness of a robot vacuum (she's now a believer), I started researching. I originally wanted an iRobot Roomba because they were the most well-known brand, but after looking at the reviews, I wasn't convinced that the models in my price range were that great. I'm generally wary of buying lesser-known brands for large purchases, so this felt like a bit of a stretch for me. Robot vacuums have been around a long time now, so I discovered that there are many companies offering good alternatives to Roombas. Also, most of the Roomba models are way too expensive!I'm writing a review because the reviews really helped me figure out which one to get. I started looking at other brands on Amazon, and found the EcoVacs Deebot N79 because it was listed as "Amazon's Choice," and I've had good luck with other "Amazon's Choice" products. I had an Amazon gift card, and Amazon was offering a coupon on the unit, so I did some further research. The other best-seller I was looking at on Amazon was the Eufy RoboVac 11+. Most review sites I could find had either the EcoVacs Deebot N79 and/or the Eufy RoboVac 11+ on them, so I zeroed in on those two. I couldn't really discern too much of a difference between the two vacuums, and ultimately chose the Deebot because it was a better price and had slightly better reviews. The Deebot also has WiFi capability and an app, but those are features that I'm not really using. So, I've had the EcoVacs Deebot N79 for a little over a month, and I LOVE this thing. It's such a great investment for everyday cleaning. I cannot BELIEVE how much this thing picks up on a daily basis. Here's my pros and cons list:Pros:- Good price for what you get. You're not sacrificing very much functionality for the cheaper price.- Good battery life, about 1.5 hours. I usually put it in a closed room or section of my apartment for half and hour, and that's enough time to pick up a lot.- Quiet. It's still a vacuum so you hear it, but it's not loud.- Well-designed. I really appreciate the duel front brushes and filtration system.- Picks up a lot of dirt, pet hair, and dust-bunnies. It's bin is almost full every time I run it. That being said, it doesn't pick up everything and you shouldn't expect it to. It's excellent for everyday cleaning, but you'll need to do deep cleaning with a regular vacuum sometimes. You also have to clean out the bin, brushes, and filters after every use, but this only takes a few minutes with the little brush they provide.- Comes with a set of replacement brushes/filters, cleaning tool, and remote.- Has different cleaning modes, but I usually just use auto-mode. My favorite mode is that you can direct it with the remote to any spots it missed.Cons:- Sometimes it gets stuck under things (like my radiator) or between things (like my kitchen trash can and the kitchen cabinet). This doesn't happen often, but it's happened a few times. I don't use the scheduled cleaning option, so I'm always home when I'm using it and can move it when it's stuck.- Dark objects. It can't see dark objects very well. From what I can tell it has two sensors: one that is able to sense light colored objects and avoid them before touching them, and a bumper that senses objects only after it's already bumped into them. Therefore, it bumps it dark colored objects repeatedly. It's not a hard bump by any stretch, but I'm guessing the bumps can eventually leave the unit and the objects with some nicks. I don't have stairs, so I can't weigh in on the stair sensors.- Random cleaning. It seems to just bounce around the room based on what it bumps against or senses, so there are some spots in the room it doesn't seem to go very much. It does edge cleaning well, and there's an edge mode I've never used, but it doesn't have the sensors to map out a room. When it senses a free-standing object in a room, it does go into a bit of a partial circle around it.- Sometimes it has trouble finding it's base. Again, I never use it when I'm not home, so I usually just put it near it's base and press the "Home" button on the remote. A couple times it was farther away and wasn't finding the base very quickly.- Thresholds. There's one raised threshold (about 1/2 inch) between the hall and my bathroom that it sometimes has trouble with. It can go over it, but it usually has to try a bunch of times before it finally makes it over.- Registering the unit. This isn't a big deal, but the link to the registration page was down. I had to email them, and they promptly sent me a registration form.Other:Carpet effectiveness. I'm only using the unit on hardwood floors, so I can't tell you how it does on carpet.That's it for now, I'll try and keep this review updated if anything changes! I think you'll be very happy with the unit!,This is the first robot vacuum we purchased and it exceeded expectations for this type of robot cleaner.Of course this is not going to clear as as well as a conventional vacuum, and you should not expect it to.  The reasons should be obvious, i.e. your Dyson/Hoover is probably pulling 10x the power that this small device can do.  However that considered it does an amazing job.On hardwood floors and wood it does as good a job as our central vacuum system.  If you set it to edge clean it will get most of the dust and pet hairs that migrate to the walls with traffic.  We program it to come on in the morning and it cleans and goes back to its charging station.  As long as you remember to empty it before the end of the day, its good for the next day.On carpet, is where you will see the difference from a more powerful unit.  Expect it to do a good job of cosmetic cleaning (i.e. visibly clean and all free particles and surface dust removed), but its not going to do a really deep vacuum on your carpets like your central vac or upright unit will do.  And you should not expect it too for the reason stated above.  So you can expect to go over the carpets for a deep clean once every few weeks with your upright.  This is obvious by what the upright picks up after Deebot has been through.What I really like is that is cleans the parts of the house that don't normally get cleaned.  Under cabinets, under the sofa, etc.  Of course it can't sweep corners or crevices, but it can get most areas.  And yes, you do need to Deebot proof your house or it will intake those loose cables, blind cords, etc.  But your upright will intake those too if you don't pay attention.The N79 is loaded with features that are normally found on the more expensive units.  iPhone app works well, remote is good too.  Sure there are a couple of things you wish they added, but consider the price point.Overall for $250, five stars.,"Dee" is my new favorite cleaning buddy. "She" does really well on my OLD wooden floors. She picks up more than I ever thought possible. It kind of makes me feel like I don't clean well haha because every time I open the tray in order to clean it I'm shocked. Deebot picks up dog hair like a dream. I have two dogs who run my house and are constantly bringing in dirt and dropping hair. Deebot follows them around the house and helps me maintain my floors.Only complaint I have is that you MUST pick up cords/anything small that can be moved before starting the cleaning process. Deebot has unplugged cell phone charging cords and even moved floor lamps before as she is strong enough to pull the cords with her.Also if you have uneven thick carpets she may get stuck but otherwise I'm very satisfied with my purchase. I even take Deebot with me to work and she does my lobby floors on occasion. Great time saver!,LOVE IT!!!! I definitely made the best decision when I bought this!! We have a messy 2.5 yr old and a baby about to crawl plus a 65lb dog. This vacuum is amazing. Yes, I don't expect it to be perfect... But we run it every two-three days and it picks up tons of stuff!! We primarily have hardwood and laminate floors. It has only got stuck once and it beeps to let us know it's stuck. It does take a long time to find it's home so I typically just take it close then press the home button. It's definitely worth the price (which is super cheap for a robotic anyway!)., This will not replace a full vacuum, but it does a great job keeping the floors clean. Always wanted to try a roomba, but was too cheap to buy one. I gave this robotic vacuum a try when I saw this as a Black Friday deal. This was the perfect birthday gift for my wife:) I was impressed with how this little vac works. It does a nice job picking up dog hair and keeping our hard wood floors, tile and area rug clean. I only had this a few days and will update review based on how this cleans over time. Now I need a robotic lawn mower:),All I can say is ..... WOW! This far exceeded my expectations. I've been looking at these vacuums for years but was never willing to pay the price for 'unproven' technology. Well, at this price, I decided to give it a chance. This vacuum is awesome. I have a furry dog and this does the trick. It has 4 settings...auto, edge, spot clean and room clean. I generally use it on auto. I gets to places that are not easy to get to and does a really nice job. I have a combination of laminate, vinyl, hardwood and area rugs...it tackles them all. Now, this vacuum is not fancy. It doesn't memorize room layouts, but it does an adequate job with no fuss. It is also very quiet. You can talk, watch TV, etc. without disruption. In short, I would recommend this vacuum for anyone looking for a no frills, reasonably priced robotic vacuum. It does a great job of daily clean up and saves me alot of work.,I was never planning to make this purchase.  We have two rabbits and they leave little surprises all over the house and I was tired of picking up the bunny stuff, so I decided to splurge one day and get this one.  Did not do a ton of research, but did look at ratings and reviews.  I decided to go with this unit and really have been so pleased.  It has a great long lasting battery and I cannot believe how dirty my house is now that I empty this thing.  I love the go home feature, it amuses me to watch it.  It sucks up all kinds of debris including hay and does a very good job edging.  It is an adventurous little machine and tries to go down our step to go out into our screened patio.  I run it practically every other day and sometimes daily.  Really great purchase for me.,Where did this machine find all my cat hair?! I dust mop 2x a day and vacuum every 3rd day!  Cleaned house the day I got the machine and immediately took it out of the box for a “ test clean” before charging. (20minutes) OMG. Almost filled the collector.With that being said.Pros:  relatively quiet and pets didn’t immediately attack. Including the dog. Recognizes WiFi easily. Written instructions super easy to understand even for my husband. Picks up even very very small things bud DOES NOT eat your lamp cords!  Mine got tangled inside the machine and started beeping a warning type beep.Cons:  not crazy about the programming as it will lose the room setup if you turn the unit off. Also, my unit has a hard time going to the other side of the house on its own. Or it could be that I am just a new user and impatient.But I love this unit and and would recommend it🐾🐾😺,My husband and I are constantly on the go. We have 2 huge dogs that shed hair like their are trying to make wigs. This lil guy we have name "wall-e" is a God send. It takes care of all the vacuuming while we are out at work so when we get home with our crawling babies we don't have to worry about the fur balls rolling by like the wild west tumble weeds. It does get stuck sometimes however is pretty advanced for the most part with maneuvering around objects and babies lol. It does not have a large compartment but for everyday keep up it's perfect. We have wood floors with elevated areas here and there and it has no problem going over air vents  and other slightly raised areas. We are extremely happy with our purchase!,My daughter has a Roomba and was very disappointed in its performance, especially for the price tag. I saw this on a “deal” on Black Friday and decided after reading the reviews to give it a try. Super easy to set up. I have two Goldendoodles so my tile floors get very sandy. This little vacuum gets 95% of it. It doesn’t get all the corned but I’m very impressed just the same. Transition from floor to low pile rugs without hesitating. Even scoots around the dogs and is big enough they leave it alone. Outshines all others. Highly recommend it. Real time saver. The app for smart phones I’ve had issues with, but not the vacuum!!,First the reason I gave four stars is because I've only had it a week.  I'm pretty excited about this little guy.  I have carpet, tile, wood and a few low carpet area rugs. It goes from all of that without hesitation.  It got tangled in a cat toy, easy to get out of the wheels.  It's very quiet compared to the rumba, I have to go look for it to make sure it didn't get stuck.  You will forget about it until your roomba starts up.  I have five cats and they shed enough to make another cat, all kidding aside this little guy gets all the hair it goes across and I can now go barefoot in my own house.  I haven't tried the remote or the app yet, son did, it was cool that you can light vacuum sitting on the couch.  Can wait to use the edge feature.  Just have to pull things away from the walls.  If this gem of equipment will last me two years like my Rumba I'll never buy anything else except Deebot.  Highly recommend for anyone who has pets for a light cleaning in between bigger cleanings.  Love this so far!!!,tldr;Pros: It's quiet! Does a great job cleaning low pile rugs and hardwood floors (esp. with the dogs in the house). Is easy to maintain.Neutral: Takes a while to clean .. but hey, you don't have to do much right?Cons: Doesn't like high pile or fluffy rugs, so need to shake em out prior.Love it!-----The long version:We have had this little robot for a couple of weeks now. And we love him and the family named him Frank (and I changed his name in the app).Besides being interesting to the kids and dogs (wow they're not scared!) he does a terrific job at cleaning our hardwood floors and low pile rugs!I was just amazed by the amount of dust, dirt and hair he retrieved from underneath the beds, chairs and dressers we have. I found hisWhile he is doing his job, he is quiet enough that I can have a conference call or work on my computer without being annoyed or him breaking my concentration.A little more detail on the robot.The good:+ It's quiet. Our dog who really dislikes vacuums doesn't care about the robot in the room.+ It comes with an ample spaced dirt reservoir (esp. when it runs daily).+ Its brush does a great job loosening hair and dirt from rugs and the little rotating side brushes get into corners and places that are sometimes hard to reach with a conventional vacuum.+ It didn't knock over our Christmas tree and left the rest of the furniture intact as well.+ It knows where steps are and doesn't tumble down.+ You can control it with the included remote (our kiddo loves to drive it around) or use the app that didn't make me complain so far (and I'm a software developer).+ Easy to clean.+ Stops reliably if it encounters a problem and tells you what's wrong on the app!+ Found his way back to the charger every time so far.The limitations and eh, ok parts:o It takes a little while to get to every part of the room and get's stuck sometimes. Unlike it's newer siblings with mapping, this robot drives around randomly. That works and it covers areas multiple times which is a plus in my book.o I don't get the difference between auto and single room mode. So far it was done with the room and keeps on going until the battery was drained. Could be that I just don't understand it. Couldn't find a good description in the handbook about it.o A little bit more battery life would be nice. Esp. because of the random path it takes.o Can't climb on the sofa to get dog hairs there. So sad!The bad:– No fluffy or high piled rugs. It gets its outer brushes twisted up in there. So be careful not to leave doors open to rooms you have those in (bath and bedroom?). Tell your kids, your wives and guests to shut the doors! Or pick them up, not the people, the rugs! I was able to untangle and straighten the bristles. No damage done.Great little helper, especially for the price! I wasn't ready to drop $600 on a Roomba.,So far, very happy with this for the price.  Very quiet compared to previous bots I've had.  Good suction.  Definitely picks up pet hair (at least on hard floors).  Drop sensors work fine to avoid stairs.  The programming is not as sophisticates as much more expensive models--essentially moves randomly, doesn't learn the layout.  But it still does a good job if you just let it do its thing.  Spot mode works well.  Does not bump obstacles, or if so very gently.  Remote works well.  WiFi setup easy and full control and status monitoring through iOS app.  Why pay more?  Get 3 of these instead.,I have had 3 "Roomba" vacs, and in the first week of use, this beats the roomba hands down!  We have 3 dogs and a cat--LOTS of hair.  We abuse our robot vacs.  I was a little concerned with the shorter main brush, but the dual side brush takes care of sweeping debris into the mouth of the beast.  It also has a much stronger vacuum.  I'm not sure it that's because this is brand new and has a very strong battery, but I'm very pleased.  It is shorter in height, so gets stuck less.  And, I'm loving the remote control.  On Christmas day, the kids played with their toys and the adults played with the Deebot.  Awesome product and worth the price.  We'll see in a year if it holds up to our daily use!For the manufacturer.  My only critique would be dumping the debris from the dust bin.  The bottom lip hangs on to the hair, making it tough to empty.  With as powerful as the suction is, and the amount of dirt and hair of 3 dogs and a few humans, the vacuum gets to pick up a lot.  Given your battery is incredibly long lasting, I have to dump 2-3 times in a session.  Digging the clumps of hair out of the dust bin is not as easy as it could be.  (The dogs are Corgi, Lab, Akita... did I say we have lots of hair?!?)  But, I LOVE THIS PRODUCT!, I love this robotic vacuum her name is Deidre she cleans my house at 12 o’clock every day and she spot checks when I tell her to!  My main floor is all bamboo flooring and now I can walk around freely with no socks and not have all little dirt particles stick to my feet !  We have two cats and a one and a half year-old this affordable automatic vacuum cleaner is the best thing we’ve ever spent my birthday money on!!  The two only downfalls are that I could not get the Wi-Fi to work as I believe other customers had the same issue and the vacuum is a little loud but it’s it’s a vacuum! Lol  The outside bristle did get tangled up in my  plush throw carpet but it wasn’t easy fix and it hasn’t gotten stuck since!  We also have central air and the vacuum glides right over the vents in the floor no issue.  In my review attached a video of Deidre going to work in my entryway after coming in from playing outside! I am so happy I found you!! :),I was amazed by how much this picked up. I had just recently swept my floors when it arrived so I didn't think it would get much, but I only ran it for a small amount of time and it got two bins full of dust and cat hair. The app and remote control are easy to use. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it cannot find the dock. When I tell it to dock itself, it literally goes the opposite direction and kind of wanders aimlessly around my (pretty small) apartment. I have to pick it up and put it in front of the dock or it would never find it. Not that big of a deal, but I imagine this would be pretty frustrating if I had a whole house or even a large apartment.,1. Setup with wifi is hit/miss - first one we received took 20 mins to get it to recognize the wifi (yes on correct wifi band).2. Vacumn worked well for about 3 months then main brush malfunction.  Customer service was great and sent another.3. See numbers 1 and 2 and have same exact issue of main brush malfunction4. Now on 3rd vacumn and main brush malfunction yet again.We let it run 2-3 time a week (we have younger kids). A mix of low carpet and tile so nothing that puts a strain on the vacumn. We clean out the brush after every vacuuming. While customer service has been great and never gave an issue - it means to me it most likely is a known issue (main brush malfunction).I guess it pays to go with a bit more pricey models from well-known companies.Finger-crossed for everyone else you dont experience issues we had.,My husband was excited about getting this vacuum, I think it was the novelty of the idea. He is a gadget guy and he loves a new gizmo...that being said, if you're trying to purchase this vacuum to help cut down on your household chores this probably isn't the thing for you. To be fair, it does vacuum (a little). We set it up to go off at 5am, (insane. I know). The vacuum scared the crap out of me and woke us both up the first night. My house only has carpet in the bedrooms and an area rug in the living room so there isn't much to vacuum. The vacuum is quiet for the most part. It does have some beeping upon start up and when it gets stuck. It rolls easily on a wide variety of different surfaces, has no problem going from my tile kitchen onto the hardwood, and into the carpeted bedrooms. Ok, now for all the things I dont like about this vacuum. It doesn't actually do a good job of picking up dust/debris. We run it every day and I still have to sweep and vacuum with my upright. (Pic #3 are the result of using my upright after running my deebot all week). It regularly gets stuck and it randomly goes around the room missing large swaths of the floor and leaving big spaces un-vacuumed. I'll post some pictures below so you can see how much dust is left over after running it for a week. We dont have pets, and I have allergies so I like to keep the dust in my home to a min. If it were up to me, i would not buy this product. I think a vacuum should a good job at what it's designed to do and not require ancillary equipment to accomplish that. My husband (who does not vacuum or have allergies or could care less about the general cleanliness of our humble abode) really likes it.1. Do your research, comparison shop..I hear there are self propelled products on the market that are excellent. This isn't one. The idea is great, the execution isn't.2. If you own this dont think it will replace having to vacuum using an upright or some other device.3. Its gentle enough on my hard wood, and it has an ok amount of suction.4. It will leave large area un-vacuumed, and routinely get stuck under dressers, coffee tables, etc.5. I'd rather pay the extra for a good upright, than this novel floor sweeper.,Bought in September 2017 (7 months ago) and it was GREAT for a while. Two dogs and 2 cats and all hard floors in our house was keeping us very busy trying to keep up with the hair with a broom and vacuum, but I didn't want to spring for the Roomba. My only irritation with this for a while was that it got stuck pretty frequently on area rugs or between a toilet and a wall, and it ALWAYS needed the brushes cleaned out because hair would get stuck all the way in the rotating connection point of the main brush. But it kept the floors hair free, all I did to avoid this stuff for the most part was pick up all the dog and baby toys before I ran it.But now 7 months later and it won't run. It gave me an error beep I looked up and it said the filter needed cleaned, so I did that. Then it gave me the error beep that it needed to charge. And it won't turn on anymore and run, it just beeps at me that it needs to charge. We even tried plugging it in to charge it manually to no avail. Haven't tried contacting their customer service department yet, but I'm pretty frustrated with this. I don't want to spend $250 every 6 months for a new one.,This is a wonderful little machine. I have hardwood floors, low pile carpet and a few area rugs and it has no problem navigating all of these. And it is very thorough - I was amazed at how much dirt and cat hair it picked up on its first pass on floors that looked clean. I don't think I will ever run it when I am away or asleep because I like to move furniture out of its way and know where it has been, but it is quiet enough that I could sleep through it. I like that it gets into places that are hard for me to get to, like under beds and cabinets. It would be nice if it was compatible with Alexa, but the remote and the phone app work well in controlling it. Even though I haven't had to contact the company for support, they are very customer friendly. The user manual and documentation are very good and they sent a follow up email, to make sure I was satisfied.,Life changing! I've been using these for about a month and it's so wonderful to have the floor vacuumed when I'm off doing something else. The filter is easy to clean and the robot is smart, but hopefully not smart enough to take over. I've used the iPhone app exclusively, so I can't speak to the remote. I have hardwood floors with area rugs and 2 small dogs, and the vacuum has no problems dealing with the different surfaces and sucking up all the pet hair; even from under the bed! Make sure you watch it the first few times to see where it runs into things that can prevent it from working. I was surprised when it was able to get over a 3/8" piece of wood and then get's stuck behind the couch, but I've worked that out.Things I haven't dealt with and have no input on...-Stairs-Shag rugs-Riding Cats-Dog Poop, The robot cleans perfectly. Unfortunately, mine came defective and constantly complains that the bumper is jammed despite it not being the case.,This thing is great. I have grown fond of Deebot. This tiny robot, cleaning on command, trying its best to navigate the obstacles in my kitchen and living room. Sometimes it gets stuck on the base of my small dining room table, on a slope, backed in by two chair legs. I can hear it struggle to course correct, and I cheer it on. "You can do it, Deebot! Hang in there!" Very rarely do I ever have to rescue it, except once when it got tangled in the cords behind my entertainment center. It keeps my floors clean of cat hair and crumbs, and has really lowered my stress (I hate having visibly dirty floors). I still have to break out a dust mop to get corners or tight spaces, but I spend way less time on that chore. It's easy to clean, too. My boyfriend and I think Deebot has an endearing personality, "I'm not the smartest, but I never give up!" We try not to let our guard down, though, we have to stay vigilant in case of the robot uprising.,I thought you were all crazy for naming yours....but my Alfred is awesome! LOL!I got this for my hard floors so I have no rating for how it does on carpet but I can tell you my floors look great.  I have a dog with long hair and 4 boys.  I also live in the desert so I have sand.  Alfred gets it all!  I was vacuuming everyday and still the first time "he" cleaned I had to empty him every half hour!  He even gets under one of my couches!I would say the only "con" I have is that the dog hair does get wrapped around the brushes so every other day I have to remove the roller and get all the hair off.  That's it, that's the only downside!PSA for new people that are reading this... I never leave him cleaning unattended.  I am worried about him getting stuck, getting a cord, or possibly getting into bodily fluids from the dog/kids.,In just a few days - we love it.  Finally a really good robotic vacuum at a reasonable price.  In fact, I just spent about the same amount for some material to discretely block some 'tight fit' or 'no-go' areas.  Our sofa was hard to get up from anyway as it was too low so I'm adding 6 inch 'legs' raising it 4 1/2 inches so the DEEBOT will go under it.  No more pushing the heavy sofa to vacuum under it.  We have a beautiful old cedar chest that I'm adding just 3/4 under it's corner support so the N79 will clear under it also.  Making a few modifications to 'Deebot-proof' the area beats the heck out of vacuuming!  And as others have said - what it gets up from what we thought were clean floors is amazing.  Have not used it on carpet yet - might leave that to the upright every week or so but will see.  Love it!,I am so pleased with this, my first robotic vacuum! It hardly touches the furniture, veering away after sensing any obstacle. It can be timed and it seems to have a built in memory that allows it to focus on different areas every day. Click the "home" button, manually, and as long as it receives the signal, it returns to the dock on its own (but it will return by itself if you want a longer cleaning). There is a slight problem when it encounters a change in floor height as from tile to seagrass area rug. Occasionally, it does get stuck but when this happens, it will beep to alert you so that it can be moved. I change the container after every use and even though it vacuums daily, that dust canister, holding about two cups of material, is full! My house, with two large dogs, is always clean!,I’m so glad I bought it.  I was a little skeptical but couldn’t resist when it went on sale for $149.90. It works great. I’ve a fairly decent size first floor and it manages to clean all of it. It navigates through my kitchen, living room, foyer and dining room. Seldom it gets caught on the rug or wires.  It moves from tiles to carpet to hardwood.  I’ve a inch or so dip to the living room, and is able to get down and back up.The Wi-Fi connectivity is a pain at times but it’s eady to reset.The bin is small which I assume the case is with all these robotic cleaners, and has to be emptied every 2-3 uses.I run mine every night and every morning I see it back at the charging dock.  I’m using it since July. I’ll buy another one for my family.  Just waiting it to go on sale again. ;-),I've had this thing for a month, and I don't think it's successfully completed a single cleaning. It always gets stuck in one way or another, spinning helplessly for 5 minutes before it cries out for help with its pathetic series of beeps. It frequently closes doors and locks itself in the bathroom. Here's a list of things that this robot has gotten stuck on:- Mat for a rolling office chair- Bathmat- Bathroom scale- Dining chair- Laptop (ok, this probably shouldn't have been on the floor)- Dog bed- Every cord or cable that it has encounteredI guess it cleans OK. But if I have to check my house every day for any conceivable hazard this thing might encounter, I might as well just vacuum myself.Also, it scares the crap out of my dog. He still hasn't gotten used to it.,I have had this vacuum for 2 months.First off, from day one it gets stuck all the time.  It gets stuck on the edge of the stairs despite having. A sensor that is supposed to prevent it from getting too close to ledges.  Some angles it stops, other angles, stuck.  When stuck it makes an obnoxious noise until you move it.  If you don’t move it, it just sits there and runs out of battery.When out of battery, it’s not enough to put it back on the stand.  You also have to press a button or it won’t start charging.  That is a little annoying.It roams randomly which is supposed to eventually get the whole floor, but I have spent hours watching it and seen it spend a long time in the same areas, missing key main traffic areas.  This meant I had to run it daily to make sure everything got covered, which would be fine except that it gets stuck so easily, even after moving all clutter each night so it can run.  For example, we have a baby swing that it just runs into at full speed and pops up onto the bar base, then gets stuck.  So much for avoiding obstacles.So you end up doing a ton of work to let the thing run (move any toys the kids left out, ensure doors are closed so it stays in the main living area and doesn’t get trapped in the bathroom, move certain furniture like the baby swing that the device for some reason can’t navigate, block the stairs so it doesn’t get stuck there, etc) every night so that it can run often enough to actually get the whole floor.... really not as convenient as I’d hope.With that said, it does clean well and seems to handle tile and carpet fine.  Also, when I had an issue with the machine, support quickly replaced the unit which was a very good experience.One thing you need to watch out for, is cleaning out long hair that wraps around the main cleaning brush.  Otherwise it will collect and create issues.  Not too hard to do but given the odd issues with my first unit I am now cleaning the hair out every week to try and ensure it lasts, just in case that was the part of he issue (not sure if it was).,I’d give this 10 stars if I could:  5 for the incredibly awesome robot, and another 5 for the amazing company that stands behind their product.  The robot is simple to set up and cleans exactly as advertised.  I have a large area rug in one room that it has no problem getting onto, and it vacuums the rug as well as the wood floors.  I have two small dogs, so daily vacuuming is a must!  Yes, I have to empty the collection container every day, but that task takes less than one minute.  I received my robot 11/2017, and after a month of perfect functioning it started to occasionally alarm a malfunction.  It’s easy to distinguish what the problem is from the beep pattern, and the problem can then be resolved.  After two months of daily usage, my robot alarmed a malfunction one day.  After taking the steps to correct the problem (main brush had hair wrapped around it), and restarting it, it alarmed again.  I double checked the brush, found no remaining hair, and started it up a third time ... and it alarmed.  I sent an email to the company, explaining the alarm and what I had done to resolve the problem, and asked for further suggestions to get my robot working again.  I’m not exaggerating:  within five minutes I had a response to my email.  I was offered an apology for the inconvenience of having to return a malfunctioning machine, and was told I would receive another one within a few days.  I was asked to return the malfunctioning machine by way of UPS, and a postage paid mailing label was emailed to me.  I received my new robot as promised, and it’s working perfectly.  If you’re interested n purchasing a vacuum robot, then stop looking around ... you’ve already found the right one.  It’s right here.,I purchased the ECOVAC vacuum for my family as a Christmas present and I am extremely happy with my purchase. Having a family with three long haired girls, two dogs and five cats this is the most ideal vacuum to purchase. With that many people and animals, we produce a lot of hair and dust. The EVOVAC does a quick and efficient pick up. With five members on all different schedules throughout the week this vacuum makes it easy for a busy family on the go!This product earned five stars for many reasons. For one, my family has mostly hardwood floors and tile, however we also have a few low rise rugs as well and the ECOVAC does fantastic over both. Our house is also oddly shaped, and the vacuum hits all of those places, our hallway, bathroom and even our coat closet.When we received the package, they also sent us extra parts that we would need for maintenance such as extra brushes and sweepers. The ECOVAC is very easy to empty and with a full household we empty the pan once or twice a day. The only pit fall is how much we have to empty the dust pan. There could be a bigger dust pan to hold more hair and dust. However, the ECOVAC is still extremely effective and I will take emptying the dust pan over vacuuming any day! We absolutely love the setting where you can have it go for a certain time of day. So, we usually have it vacuuming when no one is home. The ECOVAC hits all of those hard to reach areas such as; under couches, under our kitchen table, and behind our TV hutch. It is even hitting areas we didn’t even know dust would be.We thought for sure it would get stuck in all those nook and crannies around our home, but it just reverses, goes back, tilts, and exits. It’s a neat gadget with smart technology and has the ability to twist and turn out of those difficult places in our home. No need for rescuing your vacuum.The battery life is also a very impressive. We usually plug it in during the night time and have it going during the day. The battery will last a good three days without needing a charge. When the ECOVAC does need a charge, it finds its way to its charging port and will hook itself up. The electronics in this vacuum are truly efficient.Overall, my family and I are extremely impressed with the automatic vacuum. With a busy family of five, we save so much time on vacuuming. I highly recommend this to any family considering getting a robotic vacuum.,I bought this during the Black Friday sale, I would not have sprung for it at $249, though I do think it is totally worth that price. I moved from a tiny apt. to a 900-square-foot one with glossy wooden floors. I was always low-grade stressed about the dust bunnies that would accumulate every day. I felt like I was spending all of my time either vacuuming, Swiffing, or mopping. Now my floors are glossy clean all the time, and as I am very affected by the cleanliness of my environment, I'm just generally more cheered by everything looking so nice. I was also really pleased with the thoughtful packaging and extra brushes and filter-- so few companies go that extra mile anymore. I don't bother with the app, I have privacy concerns, but thankfully you really don't need the app for anything important.,I bought this to use as a platform for my telepresence robot. It is impressive! It is certainly "hackable", well engineered, well designed. I'm quite happy with it.I do wish that the commands to the Deebot over the local wifi network weren't encrypted. The way it is implemented in their Android app makes it very difficult. It won't work when converted to a Chrome app, nor as an android app running on/through Chrome. It made the whole project much more involved and difficult. It ECOVACS were to make their app compatible to running in Chrome I think that many more would start building on their platform.[The first one that arrived the wifi was dead. A quick return through Amazon took care of that. Don't waste your time troubleshooting. The wifi connectivity either works quickly/well or it isn't going to (well engineered).],I LOVE this robotic vacuum!! I have 2 small children who drop crumbs from snacks everywhere, 2 cats who shed like crazy, and tile/hardwood floors that like to show every single thing on the floor. This thing has been a game changer! I send it out every morning, it’ll go it’s thing for about 1.5-2hours and then has no problem going back to it’s dock. It goes over transition pieces from the tile to hardwood with ease and effortlessly goes onto my area rugs as well. It is also VERY surprisingly quiet too! Which I love compared to other robotic vacuums that are really noisy! It picks up so much, I am always impressed when I clean it out. From someone who despised sweeping 2-3 times a day, this has made it so I don’t have to do it at all. I am just so impressed with this vacuum, I love it!!,This device does precisely what it purports to do. The version I bought was specifically for hardwood floors and keeps the cat hair to a minimum as well as picking up most typical kitchen debris. It's not a replacement for sweeping the floor occasionally but it does a pretty good job.The thing that was most amazing is that I was out of the house when and ran up on a cat toy and continued trying to sweep with it. When I got back inside, the unit would no longer work because one of the brushes wouldn't move. This was no fault of the vacuum. I called customer service hoping to have them help me troubleshoot it. Amazingly, they shipped a device even though the problem was entirely my fault. Admittedly, the unit was still under the warranty. But I would have completely understood if they said that that was beyond the scope of it.Couldn't be more delighted. It's nice when people over deliver on customer service these days,Our youngest daughter bought one in September based on me reading the reviews and loved it.  We bought one in late December and have been so pleased. We are empty nesters and amazed at what it can pick up when we run it twice a week.  Our latest purchase was for another daughter with four kids and they love it as well!  We have hard wood floors with a large area rug in living area that it handles easily.  He ( it’s fun to watch) moves easily into the carpeted bedrooms and even handles the door mats by the front and back door.  We have moved his home base three times because he doesn’t like to clean near his home.  That is the only negative.  The parts are easy to clean.  We use him on random and sometimes block areas we want him to concentrate on.  One of the best purchases ever!,Great value.Pros:- Does what it's supposed to do and cleans well.- Cleans very well.- Long battery life.- Programmable schedule is cool.- Apparently replacement batteries aren't too hard to fine.Cons:- Hair gets caught in the spinning brushes easily. Needs to be cleaned out with scissors every week or two.- Loading the app can be a pain.- Included remote only works with line of sight.- Doesn't find it's way back to the dock easily.- Gets stuck on rugs and my fatigue mat every time.- The filter gets clogged with fine dust very easily. Needs to be smacked around outside every week.NOTE: I don't think any of these problems are exclusive to this vacuum.,So far.....so good. I think this is pretty much what I expected/hoped for. It does a surprisingly good job, the proof being in the full collection bin. It wedges under a certain chair and sometimes get's hung up in cords, but that is easily fixed as you get more familiar with it. It is very competitively priced, well packaged, good manual, and excellent Customer Service. Plus...there is the novelty of having this little droid meandering around your house.  I knew this was a good purchase when we actually named it. It's your new pet. I'd buy it again.,I love it! Having a long haired dog, this is almost a must. It does the work for me without mistakenly scratching and leaving dents in furniture and appliances, like I do while vacuuming.It leaves our floor clean; sand, dust and fur- all is sucked in.It takes quite a while to get all the dirt; the noise (however much quieter then a usual vacuum) may get annoying over time, but it also can do the job, when I'm gone. Usually I use it once or more a day, sometimes just to spot clean.Update: One thing I really appreciate, is the robot's ability to clean my front door mat.  Especially when my dog is shedding and she sits or lays on the mat, it's completely hairy... I had a hard time, getting it clean with my usual vacuum and a brush, but the robot cleans it right away!,This robo vacuum has saved me a lot of frustration with living in a 100 year old farm house that has a problem with dust and the dog hair dust bunnies that run rampant. I call him Deebo, and he's really saved me a lot of time and effort. For reference, we live in a small house, under 1,000 square feet, and we keep Deebo in the main living, dinning, kitchen and back porch area on the daily. And allow him in the bedrooms from time to time. He seems to spend a lot of time under the beds, probably sucking up dust bunnies, but he can also get stuck under there, and that's not the easiest to retrieve him. All of our floors are either wood or tile, we do have a low/medium pile rug that he runs on daily. We've had Deebo for about 3 months now, and feel as if I've had enough time to give a decent review, as I love reading other reviews and depend heavily on other Amazonians reviews when I buy. Disclaimer, I've never owned any of the higher priced brands, I wanted a Roomba, but didn't want to spend the amount to get the one I wanted. I think I bought Deebo for under $225. I'd say he's been worth it for the past 3 months. Another disclaimer, I wouldn't allow the robo vac to run while you are not home if you have a dog. We have a very well behaved and trained dog, but I wouldn't want to have a huge mess to clean up, as I highly doubt that Deebo would stop cleaning, and would probably spread whatever he ran into.Pros:1. He sucks up my long hair and our golden retriever hair dust bunnies like a champ. PD (Pre Deebo) I would have huge dust bunnies rolling around our hard wood floors, and even sweeping every other day left huge dust bunnies under our table and other hard to reach places. And I don't have the time to commit to sweeping daily when we have other farm chores.2. Even though Deebo operates in a random pattern, it seems like he is getting most to all of the dust and dust bunnies, and if not, there are different cleaning options for him. Room, spot, and auto; we use auto most often.3. The Ecovacs app is super helpful and convenient to use. I often tell him to go back to his docking station from the app if I am sitting on the couch and his remote isn't close by. The app also had a notification when he had an error, and needed some extra cleaning. The app and setup was super easy, just install and connect.4. The dust bin is very easy to empty, and seems large enough for the daily cleaning, just have to remember to empty it daily, otherwise he gets full, and won't run the full time the next day. Not that big of a deal if you empty him, you can start him up and set him to cleaning once you realize the issue.5. I have Deebo set on a timer to run while I'm home every day. But you can always tell him to start up if you need some extra cleaning or a big dust bunny rolls by.Cons1. I have one table that has a long rung that is just the right height for Deebo to get stuck under. If I'm not actually in the house at the time, he will try to get unstuck, but will fail, and eventually die in that spot. And needs to be carried to the docking station to charge. Not the worst thing, but it is frustrating that he gets stuck so easily. We also have a doorway that is a little hard for him to get through, if he goes at the right angle he can make it, if not, he gets stuck. But most the time he will try for about a minute, then back up and re-attempt and usually gets through.2. Deebo is loud. I would say not as loud as a normal vacuum, but pretty loud. I run him around 6, and if I'm cooking it's not much of a problem, as I can just turn my music up louder. If I'm watching TV, I do have to turn it up considerably. Deebo also scares my golden retriever, as in he refuses to be in the same room as Deebo. My retriever is pretty timid, but still a little intimidating to a decent sized dog.3. I've noticed that there are a few spots in our house that Deebo's sensors don't pick up a wall or doorway and he will ram into them. I think it's in the darker areas of our house that aren't lit as well, he will lightly tap or bump into chairs and the coffee table, but some areas he just rams full speed, but then turns and starts going a new direction.4. We clean Deebo's sweeper bar and the wheels once a week. Like I said, we have a golden that sheds, and I also have long hair. We could probably go 2 weeks without taking the sweeper bar out, but it's easier to do each week.5. He does pick up the dust and dust bunnies off the hard woods perfectly, but the low/medium pile rug we have is tough for him. I would say we still have to use a normal upright vacuum, but he definitely helps with maintenance.All in all, I would buy Deebo again to assist me. He doesn't replace a normal upright vacuum, but he definitely makes my life way easier.,I LOVE this machine. I have two weimaraners (read: big, messy dogs) and a moody cat that likes to leave his litter everywhere. My dogs were curious about it at first, but they totally leave it alone now. The first few cleanings, I emptied the canister two or three times before it was finished. It sucks up a lot of dust and dirt and hair! I was worried the dirt and hair level would bee too much for this to handle, but it works better than my upright vacuum! The filters and canister are so easy to rinse out, too. I love that I can schedule the cleanings on my app. I have it set to 8:30 p.m. every evening and in the event that I was not home, I would cancel it from my phone so that I don't tempt my dogs to chase it around. My floors have never been cleaner and I am happy that I will no longer have to sweep a huge pile of dirt before mopping. I don't know if I can ever go back to traditional vacuuming!,for my first foray into a robotic vacuum, I have to say I am pleased so far with this model.  Setup and activation was very easy.  I have a combination of tile, wood, and berber carpet flooring, and this unit handles all three surfaces effortlessly.  We have a sunken living room, and the drop off sensor works as advertised, the little guy has not fallen in there yet.  For the most part it does a good job of avoiding bumping into things, but its not foolproof.  I will say when it does bump something, its gentle, and leaves no marks or damage on anything.  I have some barstools, and occasionally it will get itself confused on the middle of their legs, but outside of that specific area, it has never gotten stuck.  It picks up an immense amount of dust, dirt, and dog hair, which is great for me as we have an indoor dog and live in an agriculture area that is constantly dusty.  So far so good with this unit.,UPDATE March 2018: I am on my third vacuum now. Customer service replaces it, but this is getting ridiculous. This third one is now malfunctioning in the same way. I have the vacuum scheduled to automatically clean at 1am every night on my hardwood floor. There are no carpets and I pick up my 2 small rugs every day. Each vacuum worked fine for 8 weeks then began stopping in the middle of the floor each night. I press the AUTO button and it flashes red, the vacuum moves 1 inch, backs up, rotates clockwise, and repeats this movement. It is in the middle of the floor away from any obstacles. If I tap the bumper firmly, it will start up again for a while and then malfunction again.November 2017: This vacuum was a great value and that is why I purchased it. However, the reason I gave it a 5 star rating is due to the customer service I received. After 2 months of operating every night, it began to malfunction which obviously is not good. I emailed customer service and they provided some troubleshooting which I completed, but it provided no fix to the problem. After replying to customer service, I was sent a prepaid return label. I received a replacement and returned the malfunctioning unit. It has been 1 week and the unit is operating well. I now will see if this unit is more reliable.,UPDATE:After using it 5 days a week for a few months now I find that it's sucking power is lacking. When I come home I can see that it has ran, but it doesn't look like anything has been picked up. I check the unit and there is indeed some stuff in the bin....mostly dog and human hair. Which, don't get me wrong, I'm happy with. However, I would be happier if fuzz and other dirt was picked up as well. The Eufy we had did all this. It tells me that the sucking power is low. So, what's the point?INITIAL POST:Works great so far (I've only had it a couple days)! I had a Eufy RoboVac 1.1 and it took an unfortunate journey into dog-poo-land. After cleaning it (which required taking everything apart...down to the board) it had no air flow. I decided to purchase the DEEBOT and it works better than the RoboVac...and, was $100 less! RIP "Trevor"....but, "Theodore" is doing a great job of filling his wheels.,I have to admit, I love this thing.  It picks up some serious dog hair and dust off my hardwoods, reducing how much I have to sweep!  Now the brush does need to be taken off occasionally and cleaned (because hair gets pushed to the side and collects), and watch out that it doesn't get too full or it will collect and deposit small hair clumps.  Similar to other reviews, it doesn't always find it's home, but that doesn't happen too often (I've never had it run while I'm away).  I've worked it pretty regularly over the past three months and am happy so far.  Worth the cost I paid.  This is also the first robotic cleaner I've owned.  It does work on low fiber carpet, but slows the unit down.  I bought it mainly for my hardwoods. :),Very happy with our robo-vacuum. We live in a geo-dome and it does a great job of navigating the oddly-shaped rooms and hallway, gets under furniture no problem, and goes over floor transitions easily. Love that I can turn it on at work and come home to a cleaner house. It did get lost in the master bedroom trying to return to its base on its first run. It might've gotten there eventually, but I decided to just rescue it after 20 min of wandering. Battery life is plenty to clean our 1st floor (about 1800 SF). The round brush is very easy to remove, which is a plus. My long hair often gets wound around those things, so I'm glad it's fairly quick and easy to clean it out of this vacuum.Looks like the price has gone down since I purchased it a few weeks ago, so it's a good time to buy one.,This unit is wonderful....simply for the fact I don't have to sweep anymore! And for the discounted price very well worth it. Works well, picks up lots of dust and particles on the floor. Have only used it on area rugs, but it works ok with them. I wish the dust collection container was slightly larger. Remote is ingenious and useful. My only problem was that the unit wouldn't go back to the charge unit (home) when I hit the button several times. Just to test it, I put it closer to the charging unit and finally it went "home" on it's own. I really like the fact that it has spinners on both left and right front. I think this makes cleaning easier and captures more area. I noticed other name-branded units have only one of these spinners on one side of the unit.I would definitely buy this again.,After 4 months: robot works well in the 1200sqft it can reach. 1/4 carpet with one fluffy cat one man one woman. Needs constant brush cleaning and batt charging. Make sure no small objects can get wrapped up or driven over . Gets confused after entrapped in chair legs. Over all the reliable dude keeps the house clean with out having to sacrifice an hour or so a week vacuuming. Haven’t gotten program mode to work. Difficult to program. Doesn’t matter, unit needs constant cleaning,We are very happy with the results after using the N79 for several weeks.I had planned to purchase another Roomba, but I could not justify the expense.  The N79 was available on Black Friday for $149.99 and was highly rated, so I decided to try it.It has worked very well from the beginning with no problem.  We have a 100+ lb German shepherd and he leaves a lot of fur on the floor regardless of the amount of brushing.  The N79 does a fantastic job picking up hair, dander, dust and dirt. My wife believes it does a better job than our standard vacuum.I run the N79 every day in a different part of the house.  It is relatively quiet and it doesn't bother our dog at all.  It has consistently returned to its charging port upon completion, though it has become stuck on a heating vent on two occasions.  We have decorative vents with rather large openings and it the N79 crosses at a certain angle, a wheel can become stuck.We are pleased with our purchase and would recommend the product over the more costly Roomba models.  We have had a Roomba in the past and we were not satisfied.  Perhaps the technology has improved, but I am not willing to make a large investment to test the new models when the N79 is available and cleans without any problem,Suction is great but this is more for barefloors than anything has hard time on turning around on carpet at stairs edge have to keep moving it from there because it will beep and stop because it can't turn good luck getting this to dock or carpet wont do it it will just knock it around worst vacuum ever sent this one back and paid 200 more for a irobot and love it no issues in docking or turning at stairs edge,The most fantastic little vacuum.I bought one to run about in my room, a small 10x14 bedroom. I ordered it on a Friday and when it had arrived I had already ensured that my room was Deebot-proofed. This is important to note, as you do have to pick up large bunches of cords or papers lying about, but this is the nature of the animal, not the product, it's the same with any robot vacuum you'll come across.Once I got it out of the box, I set it up on the WiFi, and I have to say that this was the hardest part about anything I've had to do with the Deebot. The app on the phone had to try several times to set up, but after a bit of patience it ended up just fine.The vacuum itself cleans magnificently, picking up all manner of bits and crap. It'll pick up everything from dust to plastic objects around the size of a quarter. What I like most in this respect is the flat profile, it gets under everything I need it too. My bed, my desk, Me. It happy bumbles around and under all of these things and more. I've yet to get it stuck.I will say it's not the smartest thing in the world. It doesn't really plan its travels as it does bumble around, so an occasional clunk of the Deebot's bumper hitting an object will be a sound you quickly get used to, and maybe take as a solemn reminder that it continues to dutifully fulfill it's life purpose. It's intelligence does have it's drawbacks however, and the biggest area I see this in is it's search for it's charger. I would say that take this into consideration when planning the area you want it to clean, as it may take several days for the Deebot to hit every part of a large room (or several connected ones).I have yet to have it successfully dock fully automatically, I will usually manually control it over in front of the dock and then tell it to auto dock. It's charging mode (the mode that tells it to find a charger) seems to cause the bot to wander randomly until it's found the beacon from the charge station. Too be fair though, I think this is a two-fold issue; stemming both from the Deebot's intelligence and because my room is walled with panels rather than a drywall medium, so the wall has a slight sheen to it (which the manual says to avoid). In the future, I may try placing a black felt or something behind the charger, but it is a low-priority issue.The app is really superb, offering greater control over the bot than the included remote control (which is already significant). The biggest issue I had with the app was the aforementioned connectivity, and that was only on the setup Once the Deebot is setup, the only reason you'd need to bother connecting it again is if you change your router (and the router's name and password, for that matter), or if you needed to add another one to your ever-expanding roster of robo-minions. Once setup, the app is shockingly responsive, and has only a very slight (less than .5 sec) delay over the direct remote (though, do note that your results may vary depending on your network strength).One odd complaint I have about the app, though this is the case with the remote as well, is that it has no reverse. In place of a prototypical reverse on the direction pad, is a turn-around button which causes the Deebot to turn around 180 degrees. I don't see why this couldn't have been an additional button with reverse in it's place, as a reverse could get it out of certain situations where turning around may ground it; like when it's decided to hump the leg of your parent's recliner.Do take note, low-pile carpet and hard flooring only. Medium-pile will cause the Deebot stress and it causes it to go slower than normal. I could only imagine that frilly rug-edges and high-pile (or shag) carpets would cause a very stressed out Deebot and potential owner, as it picks up long hairs with alarming proficiency.I enjoy the Deebot as it runs around. It's like a small pet, I can watch it run around, I can pet it as it goes by, and (best of all) it feeds itself. The noise level is around the level of a fan, so it's easy to tune out until the little bugger bumps your chair.Overall, my room's floor has never been cleaner. I actually feel a bit sad for it, since it might have to go home disappointed. I've deliberately started brushing small bits and crap onto the floor, just so it has something to clean. I can only imagine how the conversation with my therapist is going to go if I tell him that I now throw little bits of stuff on my floor so that my inanimate robot vacuum cleaner won't go home empty, which I imagine makes it feel a bit sad.,Feb 16 2018: Updated: gave up on wi fi issue. However in past month charging of battery become more and more difficult. Now battery will not charge at all. This time, customer support was pretty good- they are sending out a replacement unit.  Perhaps wi fi will work on this one!Dec 2018: Updated: Nearly 3 weeks later, app problem is not fixed and the the wi fi functionality remains but a false promise- unit will not connect to our excellent home WiFi network (Apple router) and so app cannot be used. Despite creating a second dedicated 2.4 G channel.  I have called customer service 3 times and am told ‘problem with app’  but I am not able to speak with a knowledgeable technician who may be able to help troubleshoot on the phone, am just told that they would email me some solutions to this issue, but no email has been forthcoming.The robotic vacuum itself seems great- bought it on cyber Monday and it's the first robotic vacuum I have owned.  I have a large, fairly open plan home with a lot of hardwood floors. It works well and has hardly gotten stuck at all. Sucks up a lot every time I send it out.  Gets under all the things that are hard to vacuum.  The floors look cleaner than they have in a long time.  Only vacuum issues are:1. It sometimes gets lost going back to home and runs out of battery- likely as area it can travel is very large. Then it's "hunt the vac" time!2. Sometimes flips over the corners of thin rugs.The major problem which leads to the low star review is that  I have not been able to connect 'Deeby' to our very robust home wifi network (apple routers) and therefore cannon use the app which reduces the functionality significantly. Although there is a remote, this does not give any info on battery life, and I can't schedule planned cleanings without the app.  We have tried all the typical tricks recommended and no luck.  My husband even created a dedicated 2.4 G wifi channel and we still couldn't connect Deeby to it. This took several hours of his time over the weekend.Today I called the product support helpline and was told that the 'app is down' and the 'wifi is not working". Spoke to someone with somewhat limited English, I did not feel understood the issue and was probably reading off a script. They will be 'contacting me when the problem is fixed' within 24 hours. I have some doubt that this will happen.  If all is fixed quickly I would give this product  5 stars especially considering the price point on cyber Monday. However not OK to advertise it works on wifi when it doesn't. Also if this is a global problem they should post something on the website to this effect - so we would not have wasted several hours of the weekend trying to fix this apparently systemic issue.,It only lasted about 3 months before it started going in circles and only working for a short time, I did all I could to clean the bumpers and the moving parts but it never did work right again, I don't recommend this product , my I robot lasted for years. I was contacted by Ecovacs and they said if I would send it back they would replace it. I sent it back in March and haven't received anything. No vacuum, no confirmation, no e- mail, nothing. I changed my recommendation from 2 stars to one star.Do not buy anything from this company!,The first unit was replaced by company, it had stopped  working after  a few  months. The service is tops. They stand behind the vaccuum. They promptly shipped me a replacement. Right now I have the evovacs running upstairs and a shark Robot downstairs.The evovacs is quieter and seems.to be doing a fine job one bedroom at a time. We have a large 3000 SQ home, with 3 fur babies. We just.shut the bedroom door and alternate rooms then the hallway. the bedrooms are carpeted. Hallway is harwood and wool area rugs. I also run it in the ensuite which is marble tile. Nice it goes under the bath vanites and also under the beds. So I'm giving my replacement 5 stars as I'm a month into ysing it and no issues. The shark is doing great downstairs as well without issues.,For the money this bot is great for tile. Picks up a lot and kept up the house in-between cleanings. I never bought this as a primary vacuum, but with a 70lb moo of a golden retriever who sheds half a golden a day, this helps keep the pet hair down so I don't have to physically vacuum everyday.I gave three stars for this bot seems to get 'stuck' on things that aren't there. It attempts to do low pile rugs but then just stops. In addition, if it goes to a corner (tile or rug) it will just stop and beep. It doesn't even attempt to move out of the corner.Some nights (as we scheduled it at 2a cleanings for our Moo would just try and stomp on it) it would clean the floors and dock just fine. Others it seems it didn't even get a foot away from it's station without getting 'stuck'.This was my first vac bot and didn't want it for primary cleaning, but I feel the sensing could improve some. Or at least allow virtual no zones of known problem areas in your house. The rugs I can partially understand as it states only for low pile. But I have two rugs and it struggles. The bedrooms are always closed when it runs too since that is high pile.I still recommend this, but definitely if you ONLY have tile/hardwood I would say it cant do low pile at all.,So when i finally decided to descend in the world of robotic vacuums, i didn't know what to expect. Hey! I'm a clean freak and vacuum my 2 bedroom everyday with my traditional vacuum. The hand vacuum is always handy and used 5-7 times a day. so how could this robot pick any more dirt in a house that i thought was not dirty. this little devil, proved me soooo wrong. I couldn't believe the dirt it collected. Day 3 i doubted if this produced dust on its own. yes! it is that good. No issues with low pile carpets or transition from one room to another over a little ledge. in fact  i have a dining table that has a marble base about half an inch high and this guy goes over it. I don't write reviews which is wrong i know coz i rely a lot on reviews to buy products, but this little machine deserved it. i can't say about its longevity coz i have had it just about a month. Reading reviews, i believe the product is covered for a year minimum so i'm not v concerned. I have already made 2 friends buy it. I feel i'm their ambassador. lol. No kidding, This thing is a great product for the price. I'm looking for a robotic mop now. Still researching.,I was on the fence about any sort of cleaning robot for a while, mainly due to price.  After doing some research with a few others I came across Ecovacs and the Deebot N79.  It seemed to be very well priced and had a lot of neat features, plus the cell phone control was appealing.Packing, instructions, and set up was cake, so kudos to Ecovacs for that.  My house is either hardwood or tile, with a rug in the living room, so I was really anxious to see how the cleaning was.  I also have 2 cats which do a fair amount of shedding.With the Deebot on auto it came to life and either nudged areas, turned, or noticed there was something in front of it and took an alternate path.  I moved nothing around in my house initially and let it go for about 30 minutes then sent it home.  I was astonished at all the stuff in the bin!At this point I run Deebot 2-3 times a week but move my kitchen chairs so under the kitchen table can get clean.  It navigates everything pretty well and I'm always impressed with everything it picks up.  My cats are pretty intrigued by it, so that's just a little bonus :).If you are on the fence about one of these, this is one to get based on price and features.  I'm very impressed!,This is a great vacuum.  Like others have noted, you will be amazed at how much it picks up regardless of how clean you think your house is!  I would gladly give it five stars, but the side brush malfunctioned after one month of use.  It could be my fault—I thought I was cleaning it OK but once I really began poking around underneath I found a lot of hair, rug pieces, etc wrapped around rollers.  This may have very well contributed to the failure.  I called ECOVACS and left a voicemail.  Of course I didn’t expect to ever hear from them so I also went to their website and submitted a request for assistance.  Within 30 minutes ECOVACS emailed me, apologized for the breakdown, and began the process of shipping me a replacement.  Within 2 hours, someone else returned my phone call offering the same assistance.  The new one is on the way and I received a pre-paid shipping level to return the broken one.  I am blown away by this product and this company.  Great job ECOVACS.,I tried this for a month in my small 1BR apartment with hardwood floors and low pile rugs and carpet.  I had to return it because the suction was not strong enough.  It was fun while it lasted, but will need to get a different one with greater suction.  I will also say that it had some troubles with area rugs and my barstools.Another annoying thing is there was a bug with the app in that I set a scheduled clean when I first got it and it did clean when was scheduled, but could never change or stop the schedule even after reinstalling the app and going through the set-up process again.  It was still trying to clean when it was sitting in the box waiting to be picked up for return.Overall Review:Suction was not impressive, especially on rugs and carpet.Worked through most obstacles, but the ones that did make it stop were puzzling.App/Scheduled clean works, but there are some bugs with it.You need to run this everyday basically to ensure you have a clean house because of the random nature of the vacuum and low suction power.I did like having a robot vacuum, but will need a better one.  I will submit a review when i get a different one with videos and pictures.Still on a mission to find a robot vacuum cleaner!,This vacuum stopped working after 6 months. Under normal operation, the vacuum is supposed to stop moving and beep repeatedly to indicate it is stuck on/under/in something.  Now it does that every 10 seconds when it's not stuck on anything.  No amount of fiddling or cleaning will get it to stop thinking it's stuck. I just end up following it around with the remote control and pushing start every 8 seconds for about 4 minutes until I get so frustrated I give up and turn the stupid thing off.  Lest you think, "well at least it's cleaning, for the brief time that it moves", wait!  It doesn't actually suck anything up anymore either.  So unless you get your kicks blowing $200 on a vacuum every 6 months, steer clear of this piece of junk.,I paid full price for this vacuum, $229, and for this price, its definitely decent. (If I had paid like $164-175 like some of these reviews, I'd have nothing negative to say really). It does not have a lot of suction at all, its more of a robot dirt devil than a robot vacuum, but my house is entirely tile and hardwood so that is okay with me. This unit advertises that it can handle low-pile carpet/rugs, but it just lifts light surface dirt from my rugs; while they are low pile, they are incredibly dense and it just doesn't seem to be able to really lift the dirt out. If you don't have a lot of textiles on the floor, this is unit is adequate for sure for daily cleaning, but I'll still do a weekly vacuum with my large regular vacuum if for nothing else than the rugs.My main issue with this model is the poor pairing with the app. I wanted the phone app so I could do scheduling and not worry about keeping up with another remote, but it continually "loses" the vacuum and tells me I've never added one. Also, the controls on the app, when it will actually keep the vacuum paired, do not work. I'll be looking at the vacuum and use the app to tell it to go back to base while cleaning and it tells me it is already in standby mode on the charger... even though it is mid-cleaning cycle. The directional pad is also completely useless on the app, I have not been able to guide it into another area of the house using the app at all, but those functions work just fine on the remote. This is mostly a minor inconvenience for me personally, but it would be very frustrating if I told the vacuum to clean while I was away and I came home to still dirty floors and a rouge robot.Overall, its a decent robot vacuum, especially considering the price of others available, but don't buy this expecting the features of a Roomba or the suction of a Shark. Also, if you really need the functionality on your phone to run the vacuum, this might not be the unit for you until they can work out those kinks in the app.,I've had it for 4 days and have run it for 4 days in my small 2 bedroom house and it's amazing how much dust it picks up.  I've got one room with brand new short pile carpet.  The short pile carpet caused the main roller brush to be covered in nylon strings.  Good thing the n79 came with the hair cutting tool because it was super helpful.  This robot is really helpful and does a great job, but you must make sure you empty the bin and after each use and make sure to keep it maintained.  I have mostly tile and throw carpets and one room that's half carpeted.  If you are worried that it won't climb throw carpet with a black border, I was too, but it worked fine with mine...check pic.  So far so good.  It only gets stuck on one very thin  (almost towel like) throw carpet in my master bathroom.  I would recommend this to anyone with my type of flooring.,This can be used while home since it’s very quiet, it doesn’t cause disruption while your’re watching TV or on the phone. Couldn’t get the WiFi to connect because I’m not that tech savvy. Something about using a certain network?? The remote works just fine to program it so didn’t really need the WiFi or app to use it. Works great without the app.  Love how it sweeps the baseboards on edge mode. It goes under the furniture and beds, places our housekeepers don’t get to. 5 stars if it weren’t difficult to get it to connect it to my WiFi.,My best Amazon home purchase yet!  I have a dog, cat, AND parrot....in addition to owning the Winix air purifier (amazing btw)....I was vacuuming my 2 br condo every day to keep it clean.  I love a clean home.  THIS little vacuum has SAVED me HOURS each week.  I don’t know how it does it, but there are NO more fur balls floating across my floor anymore!  I set it to vacuum before I wake each morning, and before I get home from work each night. I have a few slightly raised thresholds and this makes it over no problem.  Also goes over low pile rugs (although sometimes pushes them around too). Thank you for making such a quality product at such an affordable price.  Easy to clean, not too loud (Quieter than my handheld vac), easy and inexpensive to maintain.If you have pets, you owe it to yourself to get this NOW.,The scheduled timer NEVER works. No matter what time I set it for, it starts at 8:39 am. It bounces around mindlessly for 2 hours and constantly gets itself stuck, so when I get home I have to hunt for it to put it back on its charger. I see people name theirs: Mined is called Buffy, because she reminds me of a dimwitted cheerleader bouncing around mindlessly with more enthusiasm than skill. Honestly, the 5-star reviews must’ve been from people with very low expectations.,I was really happy with my DEEBOT at first.  It cleaned out corners of my engineering lab that hadn't ever been touched by a dust mop.  However, I've only had it a month and it is now stalling and turning in continuous circles until it stops.  I went through Amazon, I heard back immediately and they are replacing the unit at no charge.  Three months later, I'm once again contacting the manufacturer.  The replacement is stalling and turning in continuous circles until it stops again.  They tell be its the drop sensor, which I think detects stairs and other drops.  They are sending me another new one, but this is the third so the first two only lasted 3 months on average before needing to be replaced.,Oh how we love our little "Douche-Bot".... a now loving name we gave to the DeeBot when we first started to use it.  I would HIGHLY recommend this product to anyone IF they have a few days patience to watch it loose its way, bump into everything and forget where it's home was.  My family members have an I-robot but I could not justify the cost so I went with this identical/yet cheaper version.  If you would have asked a week ago I would have given it 4 stars, but gosh-darn-it,  our Douche-Bot works extremely hard and vacuums while we're cooking dinner or just too busy to do so.  Definitely worth the cost!  So easy to clean (I can do so easily in under 1 minute), has a nice app, and charges itself really fast.  We have dogs and it picks up pet hair with no problem! Remember to Pack Your Patience!  It does not bump into anything anymore and I Love Love Love this product.  Save the extra $200-$300 you would spend on an I-robot and get your own little "douche-bot"!! :),This unit works very nice. I had tried a Roomba 652 and was not happy with the suction, so I tried this unit. The suction was great and it picks up everything. The remote control is very nice to control the unit. The instructions are a little vague regarding setting up the auto start function. I called customer support and they emailed me better instructions on setting it up. The only problem with this unit as compared to the Roomba is it has smaller wheels and gets stuck on door sills that are high. It does clean very well and is easy to clean out the dust collector. The sensors on this unit know when it is coming to a wall or large object and will turn before it runs into it. The Roomba just crashed into the walls or furniture and would then change direction., I was disappointed by this robotic vacuum cleaner. I used it for 20 days and then returned it. I am surprised that it is marked as Amazon Choice product. I primarily used it in my living space, dining room, kitchen and family room which are all on the same floor level. The primary reason to return it were:1. I could not leave it unattended. Every day of the use, it would either get stuck or run out of battery.2. It would get stuck under the furniture every time I used it. It would get stuck under the same furniture 3 times in the same cleaning cycle.3. Under my dining table, it would try to climb up the leg of the table. I have to push it for it to stop climbing the leg (see attached video).4. Once the battery became low, it would go back to the base and recharge but would not continue the cleaning once it is fully charged.5. The wireless connection to my router was flaky. I had to reset the networking in the vacuum 3 times in 20 days.The only reason I gave 2 star to this product is:1. The price was reasonable for the product.2. It cleaned well when it was not stuck.After returning it, I bought iRobot Roomba 960 and I am very happy with it. Of course, it costs 3 times this vacuum cleaner. I guess you get what you pay for.,I have flat feet and laminate flooring in half the house, so my Fred Flintstone feet feel every crumb and speck of sand which makes me not like laminate flooring so much.  However, this 'lil Deebot sucks up those annoyances and now... I have happy feet!  I'm really impressed with how well it covers the floor space, too.  It even manages our medium pile carpet and leaves neat, but random vacuum lines in it.  Not only that, because it fits under our sectional, credenza and sideboard, it has boldly gone where no vacuum has gone before, or at least rarely goes.  Seriously it was scary under those things with dust bunnies, cat hair and whatnot.  The Deebot has laid waste to those Gremlins, so now when I look under there - not scary anymore.  So the routine is, 1) get the house "Deebot Ready" (ie pick up obstacles that it might get stuck on)  2) Push the button on the remote and sometimes 3) rescue the Deebot from when it gets stuck anyway.  It happens.  But thankfully not that much.PROS: Convenient.  Covers most of the floor in one session.  Low profile so it can go under furniture.  A full dirt tray so you have proof it's doing its job!CONS: It sometimes gets stuck on a throw rug or extension cords, but you know that ahead of time so don't complain about it!NOTE: if you have a lot of hair, be it pets or someone in your house sheds a lot, you will have to clean out the roller from time to time.  As hair gets wrapped around the ends of the roller, it can lose power and you'll notice that it slows down or gets stuck a lot.  Take care of your Deebot, and it will take care of you.,Do not buy this vacuum. We bought one at the beginning of January 2018, and it broke within hours. The red "empty battery" light kept flashing. So we thought we had a bad apple, and bought another, because it worked well for the few hours that it did work. The second vacuum worked well for about 10 days and then the error light started flashing again inexplicably. We've called Ecovacs customer service numerous times and have only reached a voicemail box, and nobody returns our messages.The price point is tempting, and it works ok for a couple of weeks max in the best of cases, apparently, but it's definitely a hunk of junk. :( Don't bother buying. I am quite sure all the 5* reviews on Amazon are purchased reviews.,UPDATE: Two weeks in. Customer service is excellent!  They helped me figure out my scheduling issue (the remote holds its own schedule... mine holds it really persistently, I suppose).  It's figured out how to get to its charger more quickly (or maybe it's just that I'm no longer trying to watch it figure that out). And I've figured out solutions to each of the potential bot traps (throw pillows, artfully draped blankets, and toddler toys are all great blocks). It's got amazing suction, and it is so nice to have under the couches and dining table cleared regularly without thought or effort.ORIGINAL: The vac is easy to set up, and easy to maintain (at least as far as emptying the waste, removing things that have gotten tangled around the brush, and so on). My son (3 years old) loves to watch the robot  work, too.However, there are two pretty big drawbacks to the bot in our house.1) I have a schedule set up- 23:00 on Fri, Sat, and Sun; 10:00 on Mon-Fri (yes, running twice on Fri). It runs at 23:00 (or at least, overnight) during the week- not a scheduled time for us.  I have no idea why.2) it gets caught on FAR more things than I expected. I have rugs with fringe- no problem. I have couches to go under- no problem. A rocking recliner that's about a quarter inch shorter than it? Manages to wedge itself in every time, unless I wall it off with pillows. Pack-n-play? Wedged. Legs of one of those battery-powered baby rockers? Hikes itself up on the feet and then thinks it's going to fall. Heating vents? Probably going to fall to its doom, especially if it's transitioning from a foam playmat to hardwood to the grate (all within about 6"-8").  I only have so many pillows to block these places off.3) It has a hard time finding its charger if there are walls between them and it's "behind" the charger. I don't know how better to describe this. Our house it set up so that the charger is centrally located. If it's 'behind' the charger, and there's a wall or obstruction between them, it will get in an odd loop and require intervention to find its way- once you get it "in sight" of the charger it is fine.We got this bot because it would save us time- we'd have to vacuum less frequently, we wouldn't have to clear and clean a space for our infant to do tummy time each time, and the mess our preschooler makes wouldn't get ground into the carpet. However, it's literally gotten itself stuck every time we've let it run on Auto by itself, and as far as I can tell, there's no way to set a "macro" (for example- go to point A, do a spot clean, go to point b, do a spot clean, go back to charging) when scheduling to avoid that issue. We've already gotten rid of the packing materials, otherwise I'd be returning it.,I think for the money this is a great robotic vacuum and super quiet. I have another one I bought a couple of years ago (different brand, but same price) and I have to close the door when it's running because I work from home and it's too noisy. But this little guy is super quiet and easy to empty. I've used it maybe 5 times now since I've had it. I do have a very plush small area rug that it gets hung up on but it's only for low pile rugs and those it goes over well. I think it's well worth the money when I calculate the time I would spend vacuuming that I could spend working. I'm home a lot cooking and working and have 2 small dogs so to vacuum every other day myself would be a real inconvenience. I actually try to buy furniture that sits higher to accommodate a robotic vacuum so I don't have to mess with moving and vacuuming under.,Very easy to use.  The app has received many bad reviews but I’m not sure why.  It works flawlessly on my iPhone with zero lag time.The vacuum itself is a little workhorse.  It cleans next to the edges better than ANY robot we have tried period.It is also considerably quieter than some of the other brands we’ve tried and he always finds his way back to the charger without any assistance and we have a very large living room.He keeps our vacation home spotless when we’re away and I know if he’s doing his job because my security cameras and the app let me verify he does what he’s supposed to do.I got this one on a lightning deal and you can rest assured I’ll buy another the very moment it goes on a lightning deal again.,This is Ecovacs first day in my home, so this may be a premature review, but I have to echo the other reviewers; this vacuum is so-far superseding my upright, which admittedly  was not anywhere close to top-of-the line.  Ecovacs is picking up a significantly greater portion of hair, dust and dirt.  The only slight complaint I have is it appears to become 'confused' when the button for 'home' is pushed and continues roaming about.  Tip-I find it necessary to use the "edge" button in addition to the 'auto' button to ensure areas near baseboards are covered.,Best purchase EVER. It's very good at self-docking, and has done an AWESOME job cleaning the floors! We run it basically continuously (between charges) in different rooms and it's been able to navigate several rooms as well (and get back to the dock). We should note, we live right near a ton of sand and have a very large (shedding) dog, and it picks up everything.,Best $180 I ever spent!! I love Deebot!!! (I call him D-Bo, pronounced as if it were French, but really just bc I'm an 80's kid and Love the Movie Friday) also it cleans like a gangster: gets down to business and doesn't need help! It is not loud, goes right back home when it needs to charge, gets under every piece of furniture I have, the only MINOR set back is sometimes it gets stuck under my bed or dresser because it forgets it can turn around to get out and continues to try and get out of the corners it doesn't fit through, but when it's not back on it's base, I know the two spots to find it. Make sure your floors are picked up because it tried to "clean up" a pair of my flip flops! I thought they would be big enough to trigger the sensor for him to go the other direction, alas, I underestimated the tenacity of this little machine, determined to get EVERYTHING up! I honestly don't know how I lived without this machine before. I like it more than my stove, and I LOVE my stove...,I love this thing. After you figure out how much of a gap to leave for the routes to the charter. It does it’s job great cat fur and cat litter aren’t a problem. It has even picked up straws. The only downside is trying to accommodate it on what’s on the ground. It doesn’t really do like bedroom carpeting if it’s a little longer than standerd length. I thought about modifying a little to put cushions on it because I vacuume at 2am so no one steps on it. It does corners oddly well for being a circle. Gets under baseboards too. To me the price and what it does is well worth it. Hook it up to your WiFi or use the remote. Let it do it’s rounds for 100 minutes. It actually made some of my carpeting look better. It keeps up with high traffic areas too. I have 3 boys and I’m not stepping on dirt. Does better than a broom by far. I have guests over with cat allergies and they don’t trigger at all. Amazing. Edit side: I put it in the bedroom and ran it twice. It can handle medium shag carpeting. You’ll be surprised how bad your normal vacuum and carpet shampooer doesn’t work well. Here’s a picture of just 2 runs in the bedroom.,I struggled with how many stars to give this - the short version of this review is that the the low rating is not because it malfunctioned, but is because it malfunctioned and I couldn't get in touch with anyone at ECOVACS so I am unable to get the problem fixed.I liked the vacuum very much, it cleaned well, generally got all the rooms and only got stuck once or twice on computer cords between the outlet and the coffee table. If you decide to go with this product do make sure you find a position for the base station that results in the best cleaning...I would actually recommend they put this in their instruction manual but they probably think they are protecting their "proprietary programming information."  However, it is pretty obvious to some extend it navigates your home and knows what it has cleaned based on proximity to the base station.  It ignored have my house and cleaned a corner for an hour before returning to the base station until I moved it to a different room. I was also surprised at how quickly the robot and the dogs came to an understanding of leaving each other alone. If the problem below didn't occur I'd give it 5 stars.The real big problem though is that after about a week of use I got an alarm on my phone stating there was a drive wheel malfunction/ drive wheel stuck. I checked for debris found nothing, tried to run the bot again and got the same error after it broke its only wheel free, made a loud clicking sound then started spinning in a circle again. In retrospect the bot was making the clicking sound from day one, I had checked it a couple of times to see if there was a piece of plastic stuck in the brush but that wasn't the issue evidently. Even here I would have still been OK with the product if we either were sent a replacement or it was repaired...stuff happens and sometimes items have manufacturing defects which are OK as long as the manufacturer stands behind their product.  The part that is inexcusable is that I could not find a valid phone number for the company to call on their website and work out the detailed for repair or replacement.  There is an e-mail address on their website which I e-mailed twice with no response.  I didn't think at first to go back on Amazon to find their number ( I went through the app to try and resolve the issue and then went directly to the ECOVACS website) which does have a valid number listed but it just went to a message (within their business hours) stating all of their representatives are busy leave a message and well call you back - never got called back. Finally I notified Amazon and they will take the product back and refund. Though I was very happy with the performance of the product while it still worked, I will be looking for a product from a different manufacturer because I don't want to risk another failure without being able to reach a customer support center in a timely fashion. Unfortunately, I chose this bot on Black Friday instead of another product and now everything we compared this with is double the price...including this bot...so even if I wanted to order the same one again, I'd be stuck paying twice what I originally paid just to replace a broken vacuum!  Maybe this review will get their attention and they'll reach out to me before I package back up and drop the vacuum off at UPS for the return - I just want to get it fixed and have confidence that I'm not going to have a paperweight in a month.Fortunately, this happened during a valid return period for Amazon, otherwise we would have been out of luck, it would seem, because there is no support for this product after you buy it.,Cant say enough good things about this little guy.  We also have a Roomba 980.  This is noticeably quieter - i mean a LOT quieter. It just unobtrusively goes about its business without disturbing anyone.  It cleans great.  We run it on our main floor every day - floors and carpets are always kept neet and clean.  The different modes are great.  The edge / perimeter setting is great - we run that each day and then set it to auto and it finds its wsy around.  Roomba is great but not $500 greater...  and this comes with a remote and is also controllable via internet / cellphone.  GREAT buy.  Highly recommend.,I was very sceptical about this product.  I almost sent it back unopened, and purchased a R...ba on prime day.  I figured I would try anyway, as I had gotten extra brushes and an extended warranty.  My home is all tile, and this thing got almost everywhere. It is very erratic, but gets itself in and out of the darndest places.  When I opened the bin, it was full of dust, and I had vacuumed the day before.  What a neat little bargain this was!,Update: got it for Christmas, it's now February 4 and it's  clicking. No amount of cleaning can make it stop. Waiting to hear back from customer service...U2: They responded back quickly for a return, aaaand the clicking stopped? So I'll keep it for now to see if it comes back.Dec: So far this thing is great! We have 2 dogs, a corgi mix with really thick long hair, and a boykin mix. No problem with low pile carpet, rugs, hardwood, and tile. Sometimes gets stuck under couch edge but not all the time. We empty the tray daily and I keep expecting it to not be as full but every day it just finds more and more gunk. I think it even out vacuums the dyson, but haven't done a test yet. Overall very pleased, especially since I snagged it on sale.,Edit to my original 2-star review (which I've left below):I decided to keep giving Deebot a try since the customer care seemed to be good and I could return it later if it still wasn't working and here's what I discovered based on my thoughts from my original review:1) if you feel like Deebot is random and doesn't get to all your room in an open floor plan, be patient!! Each run he seems to wander aimlessly, before finding the walls and going along the edges of the room. Amazingly, it seems as if he doesn't miss a spot.2)  Two things seemed to trigger the running out of battery. First I didn't set the base up in a good spot. I wanted it relatively hidden in our living room and thus didn't give the Deebot enough clearance around objects to make the move home. A central location of the base was better for me....and yes, it's more noticeable, but it's actually been a cool random conversation starter with friends that come over. Who would have thought a vacuum could be a decorative piece in the house?!3) The Deebot doesn't have a problem at all anymore going over our low profile rugs4) Suction: The suction is now great! Here's where I was COMPLETELY wrong in my first review and I want you to avoid the same mistake. The first couple of times you run Deebot, you will have to be very diligent to clean out the dust bin multiple times (maybe every 5-10 minutes) if you have rugs/carpet! I was anticipating only having to do it at the end of each of his run cycles. However, what I came to find out was that he was getting stuff out of my carpet that my other vacuum apparently hadn't been. So the compartment was filling up QUICK and therefore the suction seemed horrible. After running it multiple days in a row (and choosing to make sure to empty it every 10 minutes or so while it was running), I realized that Deebot had gotten most of the loose stuff that the other vacuum had obviously for months and months been missing, and now only needs to be emptied at the end of each cycle. The suction issues I had before were gone. But I just couldn't imagine that in a couple short minutes, he had picked up enough unnoticed items that would have filled up his compartment, even as small as it is.Ecovacs, I am sorry for giving it a poor review. It exceeds my wife and my expectations.Original review: I wanted to like this so much because of the great reviews, but it just did not meet my expectations for a couple of reasons....1) like other reviews I read who have an semi-open floor plan (probably only 400 sq ft), the Deebot seemed to have a hard time figuring out the floor plan and covering all the space.2) after running it for awhile, it would always run out of battery trying to find it's base. I'd literally have to pick it up and return it to it's base.3) Our room is hardwood with a couple of light-colored, low profile rugs. Sometimes it would go over the rug and other times it wouldn't.4) The biggest reason for not liking it is the suction. We have two young kids who have dropped popcorn crumbs and chip crumbs on the floor and the Deebot seems to hit the crumbs with it's brushes and pushes them around instead of suctioning them up. I'm not sure if it's because of the light weight of the popcorn or what, but it just simply does not pick it up. Also, it continually left dirt, dust, and crumbs where the rug met the hardwood. If it was halfway on the rug and halfway on the hardwood, it simply couldn't suck up the stuff on the hardwood and so it left it there.I plan on returning it. It's a great concept and I wanted to like it so bad, but when I have to vacuum after the Deebot runs, it defeats the purpose of having i in the first place.,The deebot has kept my house floor mostly clean, and it is awesome, as it saves time and effort that I need to invest in other things. It has gotten stucked under some furniture, so everytime I start it I need to put obstacles on those areas. Also, won't  clean all the floor evenly, and sometimes prefer some house areas, even when they are the cleanest ones. Has gotten uncharged without getting to the charging dock, and when it gets to the dock alone, it drives a lot until it gets to the base. It will be great to have the option of additional docking stations through the house.,I am really pleased with this vacuum. It is less expensive than several competitors but it vacuums well and comes with spare parts and a cleaning tool. The dirt chamber is a little small but so is this vacuum so it can fit under furniture. At first pass, it didn't appear to pick up that well at first but the trick I discovered is to run it every day for about a week. And then reduce to a few times a week. Make sure you empty the tray each time and by then you will see a noticeable difference in how clean your carpet is. Even my boyfriend noticed that my carpet appears to be cleaner and more "fluffed up". Also, it is easy to clean and the spare parts are relatively inexpensive. One downside is that after about a month, it started to lose its ability to detect objects and started to bumping into everything. I contacted their customer service via their website, and they emailed me the same day with instructions on how to return it and get it replaced. They were so great and I received my replacement in 2 days which is working awesome. And they provided a shipping label for the return. I highly recommend this vacuum before trying a more expensive alternative.,This little guy has saved me so much time of vacuuming the apartment.Once you hook it up to the WIFI you can use the APP and program it to clean at the schedule you prefer.I have it setup to vacuum every M-W-F.Just remember that if you hit the ON/OFF switch it will lose the scheduled tasks, so you need to program again.Also make sure there are no clothes or obstacles in the floor or otherwise it will get stuck.Doesn't work well with floormats in the bathroom so try to remove those from the floor before vacuuming, it will get stuck.Otherwise is a great device, knows how to avoid most objects and returns itself to the charging station.We don't have pets so not sure if that would be an issue but so far so good.,Updated Review...After I wrote this review I contact the company at the same time they reached out to me. After going through some troubleshooting of it not turning on and then not being able to find the charger, they decided to send me another charger. The vacuum does the job I need it to, pick up what my 1.5 year old drops. I still try to press the return home button when the vacuum is close to the charger, so it doesn't take long to find but sometimes that is just not possible. With the second charger, it is much better.I hardly ever write reviews but I have to for this. After doing a lot of research and reading reviews, I decided to go with the N79. We just got it two days ago. I charged it overnight and ran it in the morning. I pressed the button for it to return to the charger 2 different times, as it failed to even go near the charger for 15 plus minutes after I pressed it the first time. When I got home from work today, I tried to start it. It won't even turn on!!! I unplugged it, changed outlets, played with the power buttons and still nothing. I don't understand how something can break this fast.,This Deebot has deeveloped to be a big pain in Dee a$$. At first she performed flawlessly but slowly over de weeks she can't go 30 seconds without stopping and crying her head off. sometimes in the middle of Dee floor. Unfortunately I'm past the month trial for a refund. Maybe they can send me another one and take this one back.,I did a lot of research before making my purchase and I'm glad I choose this Vac. It's been a month since we've had Deebot and my family enjoys it. We don't have any pets but I have a 1 yr., 2 yr., 10yr., and most of the downstairs  hardwood. We was surprised how well it cleans. Deebot has only been stuck 3 time in a month (twice in the same spot under the edge of the couch. After Deebot ate my 10yr. Nurf bullet, he went back to the charging station, so now we make sure all toys are picked up off the floor before cleaning. It also cleans rugs well. We empty the dust bin after every use. Overall N79 (no name for it yet) was an absolutely great purchase. Can't wait for them to make a mop that will clean efficiently.,This was our first robot vacuum and I  have to admit I was very skeptical on how it would preform.I unpacked it charged it up and and turned it loose to see what it would do. I watched it go under and around furniture without any problems. Okay lets see how well its working, I stopped it and removed the tray and found it was almost full  ( i though the floor was fairly clean before I started ) to my surprise. The ECOVAC done a great job of cleaning  we have tile and carpet with numerous throw rugs and it never hesitates to clean them all.Would I buy again should i need one yes . Would I recommend the Ecovac yes and I already have.for the price can't beat it.,We have about a 1200 sq/ft main floor that is all oak wood, with area rugs throughout.  This little guy runs over an hour at a time, and after a couple runs it pretty much gets every bit of that space.  Now this vacuum bot does not map out your floors for optimized vacuum patterns, it simply vacuums yours floors for you randomly.  After a couple runs or so I empty the dustpan.  Side note, ECOVACS failed to include batteries for the remote as the instructions details, but I love this guy so much, I really do not care.People complain about the app, but to be honest I really do not use it, I push a little button on top of it, then it goes out, vacuums, and returns to charge when it is time.  After 4 hours its ready for another run.  As a bonus, it has managed to avoid falling down the stairs.  Very impressed, and when I purchased It was only $150, way down from the $600 roomba I was looking at.,As I was cleaning my house today and rearranging the furniture ready with my central vacuum cleaner to pick up the dirt and hair (we have 2 large dogs) from under the furniture I was moving I found there was NONE!  For the money this vacuum does a great job and the company service is good also.  My first vacuum stopped working right as the company emailed me to see how I was liking my vaccum and they sent me a replacement right away. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that I can't get it to work from my phone and it has fallen off the top step of our open stairwell a few times.  I've think I've read that they are coming out with one that you can map out the places you don't want it to go and I would have no problem buying another product from this company.,I was  so excited after reading many good. reviews and really doing my research about which brand would be best for me. I have severe allergies to all the dust and dog hair and needed to be able to schedule the vacuum to work before I wake up on the mornings when my allergies are worst.  After scheduling per the instructions, the vacuum still doesn’t go.  I can’t count how many times I have to run down stairs to pick up the vacuum or replace it because it gets stuck under a table or on the corner of a rug (a rug that it has no problem going over at other times). I’m constantly having to brush the “anti drop” so it will continue moving. It also takes FOREVER to find the charging base. Really had better hopes for this vacuum,Very happy with it so far. We named him Fred, we only let him do our living space, and do the bedrooms and bathrooms ourselves less frequently. I’d say for the price, it does fantastic. He cleans for about and hour and a half on hard surfaces with a few rugs, and picks up a lot of fine dust and debris.  Occasionally kicks around some large light stuff because the side brushes sweep a touch faster than I’d think it needs, but hardly a complaint. Not super loud at all. We did have to adjust a few spots so he didn’t get stuck, like the drugs he leaned and he would wedge under the door on one side occasionally. Nothing terrible, and doesn’t bump into things very often unless it’s thin like a table or chair leg.,I bought the ECOVACS DEEBOT N79 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner as a Christmas gift for my daughter and her family.  They just love it.  With two cats, a dog and kids it was a wonder how it kept the vinyl wood look floors clean. The Robot Vacuum controlled the tracked in grit.  It really made a difference on how the floors felt barefoot.  My granddaughter even started keeping her bedroom floor picked up, so the Robot could go in her room.  I did my research and found good reviews for the ECOVACS DEEBOT N79 and Amazon had it listed as customer choice.  But, last week the robot started acting funny, as my daughter put it.  She called the manufacture and was told the censor chip was most liking going out.  To get the chip replaced she is required to have the original sales receipt, which I hope a print from my amazon invoice history will do, and mail it to them at our cost.  That was an expensive lesson on Robotic Vacuums.,UPDATE 11/25/17 Still love Dwight, but we have had a few issues. He seems to lose his eyesight, and gently bumps into things. At 5 weeks in he stopped working, one of the whisker brushes stopped spinning. I called support and they sent out a new one, took about 5 days. 6 weeks later Dwight II started spinning in circles like he was sensing obstacles. I called and they sent a new one. Dwight III has been working hard for a week. I expect him to go bad as well, but as long as they keep sending me new ones I'm OK with it.ORIGINAL REVIEW:  We have had 'Dwight' for two weeks now. He's the hardest working member of the family. My teenage son and I live in a 900 square foot apartment in San Francisco with 2 dogs, a beagle and a terrier.  At first the dogs thought Dwight was anew puppy, which made the beagle happy and terrier mad. The beagle has decided that Dwight is no fun to play with and ignores him, the terrier still growls at him but has stopped yapping, thank God.We have hardwood, tile, and linoleum floors with a large authentic Persian rug in the living room. We have struggled with dust (pollution?) and dog hair. My usual routine before Dwight was to sweep, swifter, then steam mop 3x per week, and to just sweep daily. For the Persian rug we vacuumed 2-3x per week with a Dyson upright, which could not get the beagle's needle like hairs out of the pile. We still had gritty floors with dust balls. Enter Dwight. I run him briefly on auto in the mornings, and longer in the evenings when I get home. First an edge clean of  the entire apartment (I pull things away from a walls about 18") then in auto for an hour or so. The amount of fine dust in the bin each time is unbelievable. I think he is getting stuff up from the cracks between my Victorian hardwood floor planks. He fits under all the furniture except my nightstand. He didn't fit under the couch until I put half inch risers on the feet.If I walk around in black socks I'm no longer a shaggy footed beast. If I walk around in white socks the are no longer instantly grimy. If I walk around barefoot I no longer cringe at the grit.We don't run him on a schedule, I just start him when I think about it. He can get stuck in a few spots, like if he goes under the bookcase from a certain angle, so I usually lock off that route with a slipper. Also I'm leary of having him running if I'm not here, in case the dogs stage a coup and I return to find him in chains.,Bought this because I've been thinking about getting a Roomba for a while, but didn't really feel comfortable paying the large pricetag. Was not disappointed! I own 2 dogs (that surprisingly were not scared of it) that shed a decent amount and I run this daily.I've been using this for about 2 weeks now and I live in a house with a pretty open floor plan that varies between wood floors with some rugs, carpet, and kitchen linoleum. This vacuum has been great! I let it run for about 1.5 hours on Auto mode and carpets look clean, it got the corners that get cluttered with dog hair, it went under my couch just fine and it made no visible damage to any furniture. Being able to turn it on from my mobile device is very convenient as well.The suction on this is great and it's not very loud. For perspective, I own a Dyson Vacuum and vacuumed and when I ran the Deebot the following day, the tank was full of dog hair! Every day that I ran this, the tank would fill up with dust and dog hair. I am very impressed!Of course, you have to make sure that there are no cables laying around, and nothing on the ground that you wouldn't run a regular vacuum over. Example: I gate off my Christmas tree whenever I run this because the tree runner will cause problems.Summary: Great robotic vacuum for the price! Works great for owners of shedding pets! Does the job well without causing damage to furniture!,I debated on whether to buy a roomba for my small 900sqft house for a while. I went to bestbuy and was shocked at their price tag. After reading a few review on the Deebot I bought one, I was super excited to let it loose. Within minutes I realize this robot was dumber then a box of rocks. It got stuck under ever piece of furniture I own, couldn’t redock itself. When it did actually vaccum without getting stuck on furniture it would get stuck in a corner bouncing back and forth between a 4 foot opening indefinitely. So the next day I ran to target and bought a roomba 690. Within minutes the Roomba ran around cleaning my house with no issue. It was able to redock and clean the entire house without getting stuck.,Deebot N79 stops "seeing" obstacles and goes around the house running into everything before turning.So sad, because up until Deebot stopped being things s/he was awesome; more than we ever hoped for (it's our first robot vacuum). Thought it might be a fluke lemon from the factory, so returned to Amazon and bought an exact replacement. Sadly, it was an exact replacement, new Deebot stopped "seeing" obstacles as well and just roams the house ramming everything. I feel sorry for the little guy.,This thing is seriously awesome. I am wondering how we ever lived without it. We have a cat and 2 young kids, and this has simplified my life in major ways. I can set it to clean while I take the kids upstairs for bath time, or as I'm getting ready for bed, and it gets the job done. I cannot believe how much dirt it picks up! Makes me feel like my house was dirtier than I had thought, lol. We have dark wood floors and it's great at getting all the small dirt, dander, and pet floor from between the floorboards. We mostly use the remote but occasionally my husband uses the app, without any issues. We also use it on low-pile carpet without issues. Seriously, I cannot recommend this thing enough. If you're on the fence, buy it!! You will not regret it. We bought it on Black Friday and got a good deal; keep an eye on the price, since it fluctuates a bit.,I cannot believe we didn't buy this earlier. So much time spend on this. Now our house is cleaner than ever, every day.If I would be able to afford it I would go for the top of the line model which draws the map of the house, allows for better controls (e.g. "Don't vacuum my bedroom during the day") but this would be six times the price of N79 which does everything, just taking a little bit of time!N79 connected to wifi and I was able to control it from my phone. It does not like accent rugs - you will have to glue/tape their edges, other than that this is great,Ok, I know that women aren't supposed to say PERFECT GIFT when it's an appliance, let alone a cleaning appliance, but it's been about 6 months, and I am still in love with Dee, my floor-cleaning goddess. Yeah, you do need to do a bit of picking up and policing of cat toys, but my two shedding balls-o-fur no longer have monster-sized dust bunnies to hunt down and kill. Sometimes I run Dee 2x a day, in two different "zones" in my house. Set her to sweep in the living/dining/kitchen area in the am, so she can get back to her recharger when needed, then run her in the master bedroom and bathroom at night where my furballs stay during the day. I strongly suggest that when you first get Dee, you only run her when you're at home, so if she calls for help (high pitched whine) if she gets stuck on something or tries to suck up your forgotten bra under the bed, you can help her out and make a mental note of things you have to pick up, put a barrier across, or move so she keeps on trucking, but once you learn her problem spots, setup for cleaning is about 2 minutes, and off she goes! Much quieter than I expected, and all in all, my top 5 on things I bought to make my life easier. Would not hesitate to buy again!,My Ecovac just arrived yesterday. I used it on the kitchen/living room last night and the master bedroom/bath this morning. It works well. I am very satisfied. I used the auto and edge cleaning modes. Both do the job.  I have not tried any programming and probably will not. I have 2 small dogs, area rugs, and hanging electrical cords, so running while I am not home is not a good option.We have a lot of trees and the dogs bring in cypress needles,  oak leaves, and oak bloom. That is the main reason I have been wanting one of these. We are in cypress season and so I expected the dust bin to be full of cypress needles. It did pick up the cypress, but it was mostly full of dust bunnies and lots of them. I had no idea there was that much dust in my house. My shih Tzu dogs are not big shedders.I have been wanting one of these for several years, but did not buy because I simply could not believe they would really work. When I finally decided to buy, my struggle was name brand at a ridiculous price or a brand I had never heard of.  I wondered if I needed the expensive one with the "mapping feature". I did not want to spend that much $. I narrowed down to this one and another similar priced one.  Amazon reviews of this one were very high. Reviews said this one was better on hard floors than carpet. The other one I considered was supposed to be better on carpet. I have very little carpet that is only in less used rooms. Then Amazon offered $30 off, so I finally ordered and am glad I did.There is no mapping feature, but so far I don't miss it. I just start it manually in the edge mode and block it in one room. I let it run awhile and then change to auto to finish cleaning. I carry it back to near its docking station, press the home button, and it docks itself.Very satisfied at this point. Obviously I don't know how long it will hold up and have not tried it on my low pile carpet, but happy with how it cleans my tile floors.,This N79 provides great cleaning, less hassle. Unlike many robot vacuum out there which I tried, this robot has long active time. The spec says it is about 100 mins but in reality it reached more than 2 hours. This allows it to cover larger area, more debris, and have better return to base rate. I use this over wooden floor and produce better result compared to more expensive robot. This robot is also stuck less compared to other robot I tried, in which the most common stuck problem is with cables. I also have gifted/demoed this to friends who had low carpets and they are happy with the results. If you don't have thick carpet I would even recommend this over N79S, as N79S has shorter active time due to greater suction rate, which is less useful over wooden floor or thin carpet. Do note, in many situation manual human cleaning would yield better result than single round of the robot cleaning, however one time human cleaning is less compared to automatically scheduled routine cleaning, so make effective automatic everyday schedule.,Love! Love! Love, this robot! Named him "Nigel" as he is already a part of the family.  :-)  I have a little B&B and he is going to make my life so much easier! Run him at night and wake up to clean floors! Run him between guests in the suite while I'm doing the washing to take the load off. YES the Deebot is great getting up pet hair - long haired cat and collie dogs! I'm barefoot most of the time in the house and I can feel the difference in the floors after only two cleanings by Nigel! Awesome on hardwood, cleaned the cowhide rug, goes over edges without a problem, does occasionally get hung up on area rugs but maybe I can eliminate some as he does such a great job cleaning the hardwood floors! Thank you Ecovacs Robotics for an affordable cleaning innovation!,I admit that I am a gadget guy (I even have a robot lawn mower) but I was slow to get on the robot vacuum cleaner wagon until I saw a rumba at a rental house. I have two dogs who shed a lot so I did a lot of research and selected this based on the reviews and specs. I was able to set it up, including connecting it to wifi over my lunch hour. I like that it has a remote and I can also control it on my iPhone. The fact that it is not Alexa compatible doesn't bother me, one less thing for her not to understand. I let it charge for 4 hours as recommended then sent it on its initial run manually. Much to the dogs chagrin, it navigated the entire floor and did an excellent job cleaning. It got stuck once on a dog chew toy so you do have to make the house robot friendly. The dust bin was full when it went back to the charger. I am not sure if it went where we weren't cleaning or it was doing a better job of cleaning then my hand pushed vacuum. I programed it to clean again at 2 am. It is so quiet that the only thing I heard was the beep when it returned back to the charger at 3. The dust bin was full again so I have programmed it to run every night. I plan on taking it upstairs to do the bedrooms and I won't be surprised to have a full dust bin again. Other than emptying the dust bin after every run this thing takes the hassle out of cleaning.,Overall I'm pleased, it's a great value. Gets between all the chairs from the dining room table, cleans the whole area then goes back to the charging station. Really takes care of all the dog hair running it a couple times a week. But the app is not very good. It worked when I first received the unit and set it up, but hasn't worked since. It never connects, always shows as offline.Just using the auto button on the unit works great though! Wish I would have bought one sooner. Would give five stars if the app worked.,Stopped working literally the first month after the warranty expired. So frustrating. Not to mention that gradually over time the performance level slowly declined (see video where dust is left after the vac runs right over it). The second video is now the fully non-functional not that spins in place and that’s it.What a waste of money.Save yourself the frustration and hold down a few extra bucks to get a more reliable brand.,Pros:Decent run time – full battery to low was about 2 hoursPicks up hair and small debris wellQuietHandles room transitions and different terrain very wellDoes not get caught on objects unless an obvious hazardDocks itselfBoth remote control and Wi-Fi app controlCons:Does not map room or learn, randomTakes a long time to find its baseI picked this up while on sale. I like the ability to control via the app. The Roomba app control model is like $900 right now which is crazy considering no robotic vacuum works perfectly or completely replaces a human-held vacuum. The ECOVACS app is OK. You can schedule when you want it to run, change its direction, check its status, check accessory life and change it's name. However, it does not send push notifications so if it gets stuck and you're not home to hear the error beeping, you won't know.The N79 does have a sensor to avoid bumping into things and does a good job with most objects. But very dark colored furniture legs will get bumped because sensors never work on very dark objects. It has some protection on the front for bumping. It had no problem with my area rugs or low carpet. I have no fringe, tighter weaves - no shag. Small, light rugs like bath mats will get moved, however it did not try to eat them. Unfortunately, it often takes a very long time to find its base unless right next to it.It does not map out the room but I’ve read many mapping robots have issues when chairs and such get moved. So, I’ll use this one until it dies, however, I may spend the extra money and get one that learns rooms next time.,the robot does a pretty fair job when it works. The problem is its internal clock on my unit was screwed up. It would never work at its scheduled time. More importantly after resetting it it would start whatever it wanted to. Including at 3 a.m. waking my family and my dogs. Customer service has been responsive and they tell me they're going to replace it after we exhausted other methods of trying to fix it. Right now I'm waiting for them.Update* - Customer service was  very good. My robot was replaced and the replacement is working well and on schedule!,I had the n78, it did ok but i wanted the brushes so I got this one. It works a lot better than the n78. overall it is almost no contest that this on is better than the n78, but the charging base they include is a lightweight useless piece of plastic that slides everywhere. If you expect to com home and find the robot back on it charger get another robot. For the price I can live with having to pick it up and put it back. But please include a heavy charging base with the n79 like the one that comes with the n78.,I am in love with this cleaner even if I haven't had it a full week.  We got a new dog about a month ago that sheds quite a bit.  We have a small wood/tile floor area(about 500 ft) that he's on alot that  we constantly had to vacuum yet it seemed to never be clean enough.  I decided to try this product and it's doing more than I expected but mainly our floor is CLEAN and without us running the vacuum.  I've attached a picture of the filter after just an hour of it going around the room.  Have to share that the floor did NOT look that dirty and I was expecting mainly dog hair but as you can see, it suctioned much more.  I'm very happy with this Ecovacs Deebot!,Love this bot I've dubbed Wizzy aka the floor wizard. Sure Wizzy is somewhat more dim-witted than its big name cousins; I didn't realize it couldn't map the house so it doesn't know where it has been or where it is going. It is, shall we say, one directionless. Best to leave it be to do its thing. I do tuck away cables and pull out chairs - a small compromise for the job it does at this price point (purchased during the Black Friday sale). If you need a smarter bot, this little one is not for you. Nevertheless, it has been a much welcomed addition. Well, except the cat who has yet to take a shining to the bot. He'll come around. Maybe once he figures out that it is just chasing after his fur and not him.Great for:Hardwood floorsPriceRemote control + appPicking up after pet furFairly large collection trayEntertainment value for humans and petsKeeping your sanity in check (if you are exasperated by the sheer amount of fur your pet sheds and trying to keep up)Not the best at:High pile/shag carpetCablesDirection,I was concerned that that the deebot wouldn’t work well but amazon reviews were favorable so I took a chance and purchased one and have not been disappointed in the least.  We have vinyl plank floors throughout the house and this vacuum goes everywhere and returns to its charger almost every time before the battery runs out.  If we put the charger in a more open space I’m sure it would work every time.  It’s amazing how much dust it continues to pickup.  If you have carpet I wouldn’t recommend because it really puts a load on the vacuum and I doubt the battery would last very long.  Even tight knit rugs put a noticeable load on it.  The WiFi was a problem to connect but one I turned of the 5hz band on the router it connected easily.  I was then able to turn back on 5hz and it continues to work.  To be honest there isn’t much value in the WiFi capability because the app doesn’t notify if there is a problem.  It only allows you to control from phone and that can be done with the remote provided.  If you are looking for a great value robot vacuum this is a great choice,When this first arrived (its name is Vinny) I cleaned and vacuumed the house before setting up the Deebot. I wanted to test how it operated, whether it would dive over the stairwell, or if it would even work, and I wanted to be able to send it back, if necessary, clean. So I let it loose on a freshly vacuumed tile floor. An hour or so later it finished, and its little bucket was filled with cat hair and dust. Hmmph. My regular vacuum is a lovely Miele! So, Vinny definitely holds its own, and its really fun. It seems so absent-minded, lost in its own little rolling world, and then the house is clean. I don't mind vacuuming, but I have a shedding cat and a house that needs to go on the market, so I wanted it vacuumed at least daily. More than I was doing.,This vacuum is great for our 3-bedroom apartment with two cats and a toddler. We use it every day and never see cat fur on the floor. It's relatively quiet, as vacuums go, and picks up a lot of dirt and hair for it's small canister. The full cycle takes about 1-2 hours, but you can set the timer to run the vacuum automatically when you're not home so it's not in your way. My only complaint about it would be that sometimes it gets itself wedged under our son's crib or on top of a flip flop and has to be rescued. This past week the robot alerted us that the front bumper was malfunctioning and we could not figure out what was wrong. We contacted Ecovacs and they sent a replacement unit within 3 days due to the 1-year warranty. The customer service was outstanding!,Roomba was okay but in my opinion DeeBot is preferred in my house.The difference that I noticed was DeeBot is very quiet.  So quiet, you have to check and make sure it is still running.  (It does have a alarm, if it gets caught/ stuck on something)DeeBot does seem to get stuck (caught on cords and thicker carpet) more often than Roomba.DeeBot also doesn’t find the charger station as well as the Roomba. I also don’t have the recommended wall space like they suggest either.  So that could be my fault but I did notice that the Roomba didn’t have as hard as a time finding it’s station.DeeBot does have more outside brushes to pick up more debris around edges. Roomba only has 1.DeeBot also comes with replacement brushes and filters. Roomba, it depends on the model you buy.Suction is about the same.Cleaning is very sparatic for both.Every day the container was full.  So I am not complaining.When looking for a robot vacuum i would look for the following things (in the future)*The price*Cost of replacement parts. (You will be doing more maintenance on a robot vacuum)*Noise level*Suction power*Ability to set scheduled cleanings.Over all.  I never thought that I needed a robot vacuum.  It was a surprise gift from my husband.  I guess my husband knows what I need more than I do.  I love leaving for work and coming home to my home vacuumed!,Super easy to put together. Directions were easy to understand and thorough. Charged for 4 hrs before we tried it out. We vacuumed before hand and we are relatively clean people to begin with....or so I thought. Our home is about 6100 sq ft and the downstairs (which is the area I purchased it for) is all hardwood with tile in bathrooms and kitchen area. It ran for an hour and when she (we named her Rosie) was done and docked I couldn’t belive my eyes!! The dust pan was full...completely full. I didn’t know if I should be grossed out by how much dust/dirt it got or exited that it works amazingly well. We do have two indoor short haired kittens but they aren’t big shedders.  Anyway, very pleased with our lil Rosie. Hopefully she keeps up the good work. I’ll report back with an update in a few weeks.,I love this little guy. I don't have many friends so I stuck some googly eyes on him and it is the perfect roommate. There was that awkward first moment where I had to grab them by their butt but we got past that.Look, anything involving technology there will be both positive and negative reviews because there are a lot of variables that could go wrong. Not every human is smart enough for technology. How many of us still have to teach a grandparent to use a remote control? It gets worse when the baby boomers get iPhones and androids. My mother gets a new laptop every year and she demands over 128GB of RAM, yes you read that right RAM! in her laptop so she can "answer emails faster".I digress, back on topic about Henry (I named my robot Henry). While he was charging I made sure there were no cords on the flood or other bits that could potentially hurt him. I also closed every door so he only had the living room and kitchen to go through. I told him to clean and while he was cleaning I followed him around. I watched him do his thing and monitored what he did to make sure I didn't forget to pick something up that he shouldn't pick up...like a new puppy. I saw what parts of the floor he had trouble with if there was a rug there, or if he would get stuck under low rise kitchen countertops. He cleans edges like a champ. He loves me and I love him.IMPORTANT NOTE: Henry does not like thunderstorms. There was a thunderstorm and the power went out. Henry got scared and started to manically clean the house. I noticed when I woke up he wasn't at his dock and ended up stuck somewhere.,Cute little robot to aid in home control. Forces you to pick up things before using. It will get stuck under some beds, especially with wires. Can't run under our adjustable bed. It has great suction and goes a great job in our great room. Kitchen is another favorite place to get stuck. It gets stuck between bottom of cabinet and floor. If I sweep things out from under the cabinet, it will suck it right up. Overall. it's a pretty quiet efficient machine. Yes, I would buy again!,I have been impressed with the performance of this thing, especially considering the affordable price.  It doens't pick up everything but it does a pretty good job and navigates around and under tables and chairs pretty well.  It is also kind of fun to play with using the smart phone app or the remote.  I made a place for it under a kitchen cabinet to dock and recharge which is completely hidden out of view.Suggestions I have to make it even better are to be able to setup up a custom user defined sequence, for example if I could use the remote or app to set up a user defined macro to start up and run edge mode around the room and then go to auto mode for a certain amount of time and then return to charge that would be cool, or even better if I could define a sequence to go to a certain spot and run edge mode for a few minutes, return to base then go to a different place and run spot mode for a few minutes then return to base and charge, that would be awesome.,Terrific. I have never had a robotic vacuum before and didn't want the price point of a Roomba. I bought this one based on reviews and I can now confirm what people are saying about the Ecovacs. It does everything and does it well.,Great on tile, hard wood or linoleum floors. Not so great on rugs. I didn’t buy it for rugs. Helps control the dog har. I have to empty the container continuously as my dog sheds like crazy. My husband says it’s loud. Not as loud as a vacuum. Having problems linking the app to my iPhone but don’t really need it. I’m very happy with purchase but I still need a regular vacuum for the two kids bedrooms with thicker rugs and the dog hair on the living room through rug. Best Buy I’ve purchased!,I’ve been using the vacuum for about three days. The first day it seemed to pick up quite a bit of a dog care and crumbs. I have been noticing by day two and three that a lot of hairs instead of being picked up seem to be just flattened and straightened and the direction that the vacuum was going. I have one dog and three kids. Our main level is about 1400 ft.² and all hardwood floors with one very low pile area rug. It seems to Navigate OK. I would say it definitely doesn’t get everything. Our floors are a medium to dark brown so you can see anything that it misses. I felt like after seeing the straight hair is that I needed to clean out the brush in the bottom of the vacuum. In general I would say I’ve spent more time trying to figure out how to keep the vacuum clean so it can pick up the dog care rather than straighten it, cleaning in the brush etc.,then it takes just to do a quick dust mop. I will update later but if I have to continue to dust mop after the vacuum runs I would say that this product is not worth it.,I really like this robot vacuum and it cleans well but the biggest downfall to this vacuum is this thing has a hard time finding its charging dock unless I'm guiding it with the remote. Both times that it ran while we were away from the house, it never made it back to its dock and we had to search for it around the house. I have tried to put the dock out more in the open but even with that, the Deebot will go the other direction as if it is still cleaning on a low battery.This thing cleans well for the money but maybe buying a more pricier robotic vacuum like an iRobot might be worth it in the long run.UPDATE:After trial and error with moving the charging dock around, I think I found the best spot for it. Since moving the charging dock, the Deebot found the dock four times in a row! I'm also impressed with the Ecovacs company as the reached out to me and are sending me an additional charging dock at no cost. One thing I do want to point out, though not a deal breaker, is the app is incredibly easy to use, I just wish you could do some more advance programming of the cleaning schedule. Not sure if more high end robot vacuums are this way. Again, not a deal breaker.,I've been wanting one for a while, but could never pull the trigger on it. I think because I was skeptical that it would make all that much of a difference. I was wrong! This thing is sensational. My floors (mostly hard wood and tile and some area rugs) used to be a constant struggle to keep dust free and clean. Now, my floors are ALWAYS clean. It's amazing. It cleans under my dressers and bed and other furniture where dust used to accumulate. Every once in a while, it gets stuck under one area of the couch, but no biggie. I have so much more time on my hands to do other things. I would recommend this to anyone. I'll probably buy 2 more; one for my basement, one for the second floor.,The Bin as well as the brush /vacuum opening are a bit small. The unit has to rely on the remote control for its operation, and has a tendency to remember the last commands received. So be careful if you accidentally touch the timer button, it will start up again 24 hours later and start to clean. You will have to unplug and turn the unit off in order to remove the timer. It does clean nicely and it runs for quite a long time on one charge. The remote control response is good and if you are used to running a robotic cleaner from the bigger brands, this is quite different, as it does not have any controls on the unit itself. The return to base station does not seem to be very good and the unit will wonder around trying to find base, even though it is quite close.,This vacuum is awesome. I use the single room function. Works better for me than auto. Ralph cleans and then goes home to charge. Used it for first time yesterday and divided my downstairs into 4 little quadrants with a little space to park Ralph in each one. Just to vacuum with all that dog hair and dust and mop takes 2.5-3 hours usually. With Ralph vacuuming while I do other stuff my total time now is about 30-45 minutes as all I am doing is a quick mop after he is done. I love Ralph and I am so thankful to have his help cleaning my home. Oh and not set up for Alexa but Harmony understands it. Just instruct your robot FIRST and then activate and other scene and the your vacuum will keep going and won’t stop. Don’t do the other way. Thanks,I got mine first, then I bought one for my dad a couple of months later and then i bought one for my mom. I love it!! I have it on a scheduled, with two kids who are messy it is a must!!. My house looks clean because for some reason just vacuuming makes a huge difference in my house.  I could not afford the other ones so i did some research and this seemed better than the $$$ ones. We name ours R2, my mom named her's D.  I connected it to my phone so if i leave the house and saw a mess I push the button for it to go to work as I leave the house. My brother and his girlfriend are looking into one. I told them this is the not expensive and works great!,Have used for about 2 weeks now and so far I absolutely love it. Picks up tons of stuff and dust from my wood and tile floors.Update: It malfunctioned after a month and a half of use so I couldn't return to Amazon any longer. I called the company, they troubleshooted and decided the device was not going to work anymore. So they told me they would ship a new one to replace it. Everything is fine up until then. It took over 3 weeks after I shipped the defective item for me to get the replacement. That was after several times I had to call, emails to send etc etc etc. They kept giving me excuses. It is a shame their customer service sucks because I actually like the way it cleans. Because of this sour experience, I ordered an ILIFE A4S for my second floor which seems to have better customer support. So far, very happy with it. Hope the Ecovacs doesn't go bad again.,First, I paid $150 on black Friday. Let it sit in my cart for 4 months at 200 waiting for a price drop. The discount adds to my happiness level. I'm pregnant with 3 cats and a toddler. My house is a disaster and I'm exhausted. This silly contraption is making me feel a little better about my home. It vacuums erratically and doesn't leave nice organized lines like I've seen with other vacuums. It will go over the same spot 8 times before it finally gets the crumbled muffin I turned it on for and it gets stuck on things periodically. But it vacuums my house with the push of a button!!! I excitedly clean the trap out each time i use it and that's all my effort. I'm thrilled with this thing, my cats and toddler are coming around...,I would give it a solid 3.5 stars but can't do that so I will give it 4 because I am only slightly leaning that way.The good.It has been a week now and our robot has not made it through a cleaning cycle without having a full bin. The dog is shedding and the 2-3 cycles per day that we have set up is keeping the tile floor looking so much better with less work for us!The bad.If you are OCD this thing will leave you with alot more stress in your life. He just can not drive in a straight line so the carpets are full of zigzag lines. The first few days all was well and after making it through a full clean he would go home and charge himself. Unfortunately now I am having to babysit him much more often. He has found a few spots now that he will get stuck and for some reason he goes back a few times each cleaning cycle to try to commit suicide again and again. Maybe not getting stuck each time but making me anxious all the same. Then at the end of his clean up he lets us know he is done with a little beep and begins his journey home. He used to be really good at this but somehow somewhere he has lost his way. Most times now he will just give up after bouncing off walls for 5-10 minutes finally beeping to let me know he needs help. I have started finding him and either picking him up or driving him home with the remote.I am still within the time frame to return him so I am really weighing the pro's and con's right now. It does a great job of getting the stuff up and off the floor but it is quite a bit of work to keep him going. It is also half the price of the top brands so is it just that my expectations are too high?,I was a little skeptical about this because the price was so reasonable but the reviews said this was one of the better vac type robots out there. I was pleasantly surprised how well this works. I've only had it for a week but so far it surpasses my expectations. We were looking for one of these units to do some light cleaning of the wood floors and this product does exactly what we needed. A lot of these are priced much higher and don't have as good of reviews. I bought two of these on Amazons Black Friday sale one for my daughter and one for us thinking ok this would probably be mediocre at best. I know we've only had this for a few days and haven't seen the time test yet but so far I'm very pleased with this purchase.,I bought the DEEBOT N79 as my first robot Vacuum. I have about 1000 sq ft of area I needed it to clean, a mix of wood flooring and carpets. I have had the model for a few weeks now and I'm pretty happy with it. It definitely picks up a ton of dust and dirt. After a 15 minute run the trap is chock full of dust and debris. Its sensors are pretty accurate, although my couch which is not particularly low is too low for it to get under, and it tends to get confused by the bath mats in my bathroom. Other than those issues, I'm very content with the purchase. The app was a bit of a pain to set up, but my floors have never been cleaner. It charges pretty quickly and I run it once or twice a week, so either way the charge time is not at all a hindrance unless you are (for some reason) running it several times a day.,Everyone in my family spent a lot of money on the “name brand” robot but I really did not want to. I have a big dog that constantly sheds and I felt like I could never get all the hair up. After researching several options I chose this one because it had a larger basket then the others. Oh my goodness it is amazing. I have had it for several months and no problem, picks up ALL the dog hair, not very loud ( my dog  doesn’t even mind it). I can do my whole downstairs on one charge and may change empty the basket twice.  The only issue I have had is that it does not always find its docking station, however the name brand ones have the same issue.  My robot is called Grace because she has been my saving grace.,I have had ECOVACS DEEBOT N79 for five months now and i absolutely love it. We have tile floors with a few area rugs, and DeeBot sweeps the them all with ease. Very easy to clean and maintain. Long lasting charge allows for a large area to be cleaned. Also has a single room setting that allows for those odd rooms in your home. Sensor is accurate and allows for good home mapping as well as great edge cleaning. Great in kitchen, bath and main areas. Fits under the bed, dressers and most of my furniture; although bunnies are cute, dust bunnies are not :),I have been running this little helper for bout 2 days and I am simply amazed at all the things it is finding. We have 2 dogs and 2 cats so it was important to get something that could combat hair. I never considered my floors to be dirty, but looking at them now, I am questioning my opinion of clean. We have mixed flooring, Harwood and carpet and I would say it does a much better job on the hardwood. On regular carpet it tends to bounce/jumps around going certain directions but on area rugs it does great.Con??  It has thoroughly depressed my older dog. She continuously wanders the house in search of some little crumb of food left on the floor. This has caused her to feel starved according to her.Update: after about a month we had side brush malfunction that we couldn't fix.  We called support on a Sunday not expecting to get anyone but we managed to speak with a guy who got some details from us and no questions asked sent us a new bot,  shipping label for the other one and we were back up in running in a week.,Did not pick up dog hair or dust or anything very well. Would not transition from wood floor to carpeted area, I had to pick it up and move it. It kept going over the same area again and again so I got frustrated and ended up manually doing it with the remote. After going over all my carpet 3 times with the deebot I got out my regular vacuum (which is a cheep little hoover) and picked up 10 times as much dust/dirt/dog hair with that. Returned this item, not even good enough to keep around to occasionally sweep the hardwood floor.,Cleans decently, but sensors need too much maintenance. I had to take it apart and free up the bumper sensor. The proximity sensors stopped working early. And it manages to get stuck  under things a lot. Keep it away from rug fringes and rugs with any pile, and you might get good results if it doesn't find something to get stuck under,This wonder is, as a minimum, motivating me to clean all the stuff I always keep lying around on the floors. Most of it needed to be trashed anyway. Doing so is allowing the tireless Deebot N79 to do a better job. Right now I am using it for the first time in my home office, and I am impressed by its relentless fight against dust and pet hair. Just what I needed. It is quiet and looks efficient. The manual is very detailed and the supplies are not expensive. I am only giving it four stars because I have not seen it working for more than one hour. But my first impression is of the kind that says: I want one for each room!,Where does this vacuum find all this dirt! It has been running for a couple weeks and it still finds dirt. My floors have and carpets have never been cleaner. The vac doesn't run into walls or larger furniture it slows and turns. It will run into small chair legs but a little bump and away it goes. Don't miss out this is a great vacuum a lot quieter than the old one  and cleans better. Seamless move from hardwood floors, tile or low pile carpet, moves right over the threshold into the bathroom. Even the dog isn't afraid of it. So good I bought a second.,This is a great robotic vacuum . Quiet and powerful. I do have 1 challenge which may mean that I return it. The smartphone app requires a verification code which is sent from the company  in China. By the time I receive their verifcation code to turn on the smartphone app-the  code has expired.  I cannot log on to use the smartphone app. This has been a hassle. I tried to email the company but they did not respond.If I could easily get onto the smartphone app I would rate the N79 as a 5. If this feature is not important to you I think you will be very happy with this robot. Be sure to buy extra brushes the machine is pretty vigorous and I think they will need replacing every few months.,Totally in love! My family and I set ours up for 3 times a day, we have 4 dogs, a cat, and we board other furry pets so LOTS of fur at our house! Since we got this vacuum we can walk barefoot and have NOTHING under them! Seriously grabs everything, goes up our somewhat higher up floor lip of our bathroom, does really well with our rugs and the app is honestly super easy to direct or change the cleaning pattern you’d like! Does awesome with not falling off ledges, our mud room is probably 5-7 in lower than our entire house and when the vacuum gets to the edge it cleans the entire ledge then turns away all on its own. Also, cleans under our couch, chairs, coffee table, and dining area like a dream! One downfall is cleaning it out but we totally understand with the amount of fur we have and sometimes we have it set more than 3 times it’s inevitable!,This vacuum works as advertised. I'm amazed how well it travels from bare floors, climbs onto a plush carpet, over area rugs, under and around furniture and other obstacles!5 star except for one major flaw: it does not detect when it is missing the filter/dirt bin! To clean them properly it is necessary to remove and wash the bin and sponge filter after each use. These need to dry overnight before installing in the vacuum. Should you forget to replace them in the morning, the vacuum will happily begin it's scheduled run without the bin, scattering whatever dust it manages to suck through its fan. For an intelligent, robotic vacuum, this is really dumb!,I put this in my cart and read every review, good and bad. I did all the research I could because let’s be honest...$240 for a vacuum is a hard number to swallow. I finally bite the bullet and bought it. It came 2 days early and is hands down the BEST purchase ever!! My house is over 5000 sq st. Hardwood, low carpet and area rugs. I have 2 dogs that both shed like crazy, 2 cats, 3 human boys and an indoor/outdoor pet pig! My floors are always a mess. This little thing handles our house like a champ, it even fits and cleans under my couches!! I downloaded the app on to my phone and it works perfect. Yesterday while my husband and i were at a cafe having breakfast I opened my app, turned my new little friend on and came home to a clean floors!!! If you are hesitant on this purchase...don’t be! I feel like a kid at Christmas!!!,This is the robot vac to buy. The price is right for the capability of the technology. I have friends with Neatos, Roombas, and other high priced brand robots. They all report the same limitations. Yes, there are parts of your home where this will get stuck and you will need to make some accommodations. Ours gets stuck under our cabinets in one spot. We simply put something to block that spot before we leave and the problem is solved. This is not Rosie from the jetsons, but it’s capabilities are worth every bit of $250. It will greatly reduce pet hair and dust.As a testimonial- our son has experienced a chronic cough for several years. Since we got this robot and started using it, his cough is gone, like a medical miracle. How good do we feel knowing that our house wasn’t clean enough to be healthy... Point being that this might not polish your floor, but it will greatly reduce the amount of irritants in your home (our floors also look amazing by the way). It may miss a spot here and there per cleaning, but the incremental cleaning adds up and is surely worth the price. Plus, you have to put in zero time to get all this benefit. So if you’re busy young parents like us, the benefit is high. In summary, this is a smart buy, and has my recommendation.,We have two dogs and hard floors so we wanted something to tidy up everyday. I knew this vacuum wasn’t comparable to a more expensive brand but figured it could do the job. It does, everyday the tank has stuff in it and our floors are definitely tidier. However, here’s the cons:- it runs while we’re not home, and every day we get home it’s randomly stopped somewhere. I don’t know if it can’t find it’s base, or it just dies but it definitely does run awhile then just stops. Not a huge deal, we just put it on it’s base.- it states it’s not for shag carpet; totally understandable. I just assumed it wouldn’t be able to get on my shag carpets but it does. Then it gets stuck. The little arms get tangled in the shag and he dies.- it can’t quite fit under my couch but it’ll keep trying until it eventually does then it gets stuck under the couch.- it’s strange, sometimes it sees furniture and walls and slows down for them and other times it runs full speed into things. I don’t think it’s causing any serious damage but just weird.Overall, for the price it is a good value and does work. The cons are minor and there’s easy workarounds.,This vacuum does suck up stuff, and does fluff the carpet nicely. For the most part it will go from hard floor to carpet with no problems, except for my living room carpet, which is not high at all. It stops and beeps until I go rescue it. I emailed customer service and they said “cover the sensors with tape because it thinks the rug is a stair.” But that means the vac will fall down the real stairs. That is not the response I expected from customer service. If you’re looking for a vac that will run while you sleep, this isn’t it. It gets stuck 2 or 3 times per run, and has only made it back “home” by itself once out of the 5 times we have run it.,We bought this unit to replace our Roomba which met an untimely death and have been very impressed with it thus far.  It is much quieter than the Roomba, but picks up just as good or better.  The suction is strong and the dirt tray is full when we dump it.  This is a nice unit that does a good job picking up pet hair and any other debris on the hardwoods.  The dual spinning brushes on the front cleans the corners well.  Overall a great, lightweight, and quite unit that we would definitely buy again.,I bought Ecovacs Deebot N79 along with a much more expensive Powerbot R7040 from Samsung. Both vacuums did pretty good. The Samsung was more powerful and followed a more organized path but it was noisier and some of the functions for which you pay a premium were just not working properly. The Ecovacs Deebot N79 was just working as scheduled. Not as powerful, not as fancy, but doing its job. It would fit under the sofas and would go over low pile carpet without an issue. The Samsung suffered more when going through obstacles. The Ecovacs Deebot N79's battery lasted for a few hours and just kept going. No real organized path, but was just everywhere and moved faster. At the end, I ended up liking the Ecovacs better.,I was so excited to get this robot, but it is not meeting expectations.  It does not follow any pattern or anything and is going from my kitchen, to the keeping room, one pass in the living room, the entry way, and play room.  In all of that, it has skipped SOOO much.  If it would at least go up down up down, it would actually clean.  So far it reminds me of asking my 5 year old to vacuum for me.  I am hoping this is just first day experience and it will get better.  It is running as I type and I am waiting for it to get the crumbs that are not far from it's charging station.,I love this robot during the first month that it works, after that it gets stuck everywhere and is useless.  This is my 2nd unit with the same issues.  Let me be clear, I make sure nothing is on my floors, no cords or cables, or dog toys, I make sure to block areas behind my couches where it tends to get stuck and still both units I have ordered have started getting stuck bumping into chairs or stuck on floor rugs after about 3-5 weeks, when previously the units had no issues navigating those same obstacles.  I use it daily and clean out filter, trap and brushes daily.  Not sure what the issue is, so I will be returning this unit now.,The first couple of months it did well.  Now it stops in the middle of the floor without anything to block the path with red error message.  Updated score, customer service is great and quick to respond resolved issue with stopping.  I wish the manual gave more specifics on troubleshooting.,I had multiple Roombas (older models) for years,  so when last one finally broke I though I'll search for alternatives. Found this one. Couple hundred bucks cheaper.  Good reviews. So I bought one.At first, I liked it. It's a little smaller then Roomba. A much quieter. Did I mention it's cheaper? Well, it is.The problem starts when I was not able to make it work on schedule. No matter how I tried, it did not start. Next, figured our it does not have a handle for carry, like Roomba does.  And you WILL need to carry this thing as it will stuck in places Roomba never did (remember, it's a little smaller) until runs out of juice. When trowing away dust, I noticed it does not pick up as much as Roomba per day - I have cat with long fur, so it's easy to see difference. Next (in a week or so) it becomes much louder then initially, almost as Roomba. It constantly complains about something (Roomba tells you with voice, this thing just beeps like crazy). It does not deal well with long hair, not at all. And finally, less than 6 month it broke completely - just stops few seconds after start, dead.I went to one of those stores and got Roomba 8XX, with lithium batteries, for 375.  If you think to get this Deebot, think again and get newer Roomba. Don't waste your money like I did.,UPDATE:  Ecovacs reached out to me and apologized for the lack of Customer Service response.  They've sent me a replacement unit, and made it easy to send the old one back.  The new vacuum is working great thus far.  I remain hopeful that it will continue doing so.Worked great for a week and a half  after Christmas and then suddenly started throwing error codes regarding being off when it was actually on. After managing to turn it off and then on again enough times to override the error code, it now just spins in circles instead of docking or vacuuming. Customer Service has been terrible, in that they simply reply back asking if I've already done things like turning it on... Over the course of multiple emails over multiple days. They've now stopped responding to me altogether. I had high hops for this vacuum, but I guess this is truly a "budget" brand for a reason.,So far so good! I received this vacuum about 2 weeks ago & have been using it regularly. Set up was a breeze! It took less than 15 minutes to remove it from the box & read the basic instructions. I haven't been successful at program the daily timer, but haven't thoroughly read all instructions related to programming cleaning times. I like the fact it fits nicely under most of my furniture (including those items with only a 3" clearance). Also, it has deftly navigated over the edges of multiple rugs and a cord protector without getting tripped up. In the 15 days or so of use, it only got tangle up one time. As we have learned more about how it operates, we've been able to clear the environment & help it do its job.We have a very open floor plan with around 1000 square feet to be cleaned and the robot is able to handle the whole space on only one charge. Everyday I dump out its debris container, I am amazed at how dirt & pet hair it actually picks up. I don't think my house has ever been cleaner!!!,Being first-time robot vacuum users, we purchased the DEEBOT N79 because the features and reviews seemed pretty good for the price.  This vacuum robot did not disappoint.  We have low-pile, area rugs, and hardwoods; the DEEBOT handles them all just fine.  The amount of dust, pet hair, etc. it picked up even after a thorough pre-vacuuming was astounding.  It does get lost sometimes returning to the base when it completes its cycle on the other side of the house (this unit does not map the room, as I understand it), and it occasionally will get stuck in a corner.  The unit just turns itself off and sends you an alert on the app, no big deal, and you learn the trouble spots in your house, quickly, anyway.  You do need to pick up fringed rugs and pet toys, etc. because they will get caught in the main roller, which is not unexpected.  Fresh filters, side sweepers, and replacement parts appear readily available online and the unit gives you life status of the components.  In general the DEEBOT N79 is a good starting point for those new to robot vacuums.,This is our first RoboVac and it is amazing.  It is rare for a product to exceed our expectations but this one does.  We have had it for three weeks and have never had our floors so clean.  With two cats and a dog we had little tumbleweeds of hair show up within a few hours of cleaning.  We now let “Dusty” run every day and there are no tumbleweeds any more.It comes with a spare set of the front brushes that guide dust and dirt such that the main roller can pick it up.  It also comes with a spare HEPA filter.  We don’t know how long the original parts will last, but they seem fine for now.  This model (N79) is wifi connected to an iPhone app, but it also comes with a remote control which can be used to run it in several different modes.  The iPhone app is recommended since it gives much more information than the remote does.  The battery level is visible on the app and error messages are spelled out so it is much easier to correct problems.  The first day it ran for a while then only spun in a circle.  I couldn’t figure out what was wrong until I looked at the app and found a message that the sensor which prevents it from falling down stairs was obstructed.  After I cleaned the sensor everything has worked well since.We have been surprised at how much dust and dirt it can find every day.  It is easy to clean and it will thoroughly clean our living room & kitchen on a single charge.,Until now working perfectly, always returning back to the dock and cleaning very well. The connection to wifi takes time, so be patient and try again a few times. It's also a good option to have the remote control to start or plan him. While it is cleaning the noise is a little bit loud. If you have problems to sleep don't schedule it at night. Overall it's the best cheapest product, be aware to but it with smart capabilities only for 200 dolares, if it's above that try other options like eufy.,Deebot is my 2nd robot cleaner the first being iRobot Roomba 770 (which was twice as expensive). Deebot beats out Roomba in 3 major ways; bumps, price, and noise. Roomba had a habit of bumping furniture so hard I'd need to move my pub table and living room chairs back into their spots after a few cleanings. I even ended up with scuff marks on my walls were it would ram furniture into them. Roomba had a nicer display for programming but the trade off for a quieter robot at half the price is worth. Roomba only got to run around when I was leaving the house. Deebot gets work while I'm home and if I close a door I can barely hear him. Its cleaning power surpassed expectations. I have a 35lb German Shepard mix and the little robot is able to get 90% of her fur out of the rugs.,My second robot vacuum.  I still have an older Roomba that works.  This is a fine inexpensive floor vacuum that works well.  Treats drop offs -stairs as a barrier and backs away and keeps going.  Doesn't hang up as much as Roomba.  Easier to clean single integrated brush.  No virtual walls feature - have to close doors or otherwise block to confine to a specific room.  Instead has a remote.  I didn't expect remote to be useful but it is for having it go back over an area.  Battery life excelllent - I note that is is fairly lightweight but does not seem to cause any problems.,I cannot tell you how much I love this vacuum. We have two larger, extra fluffy dogs and we live in the mountains so dirt on the floor was the norm. Even sweeping multiple times a day wasn't enough. With Deebot, we can finally walk around barefoot. Awesome price, great product. Thank you technology and Ecovacs!Update 3/30/18-Sadly, Deebot malfunctioned and one of his side brushes stopped spinning. After a few days, he surprisingly learned how to keep going without it. After a short email with a copy of my receipt to Ecovacs customer service, they had a replacement in the mail within 24 hours under warranty. Excellent service! 11/10 would buy again!,Can't give less than 1 star.  I charged it up overnight just to be sure it was fully charged. Set it to go straight, but it would only go in a circle in one spot.  I tried the edge setting and the one room setting, but all I got was spinng around in same spot.  I even selected spot, and then straight in case it was stuck, but no go.  Packed it back up and returned to Amazon for refund.  Got that back quickly and bought a Shark Ion 750 and it works perfectly., I have had this robot vac for approximately 2 weeks. It has not completed one task without error. Most notably it has a bumper exception error. I’ve tried to pull the bumper out like informed to do and it still does not function, just spins in circles.  I am highly disappointed with this one. I recommend you get an iRobot. I have never had an issue with that one.,This is my second ECOVACS robot vacuum. My first one was a different model, but, sadly, it died after a few months of use. While they were willing to replace it, I never sent it in.I decided to try this one, as it had quite a few features I thought would work well with a tile/wood floor home. I have a dog that sheds a lot and needed a vacuum to run in the afternoon after I'd already vacuumed in the mornings. However, I ordered it in July, and by August 8th, it stopped working. The company has sent a replacement, honoring the 12 month warranty. I returned the broken unit at no cost to me. I appreciate the 12 month warranty, but am frustrated I had two different vacuums die both shortly after purchasing them. I set the timer and ran the Deebot once per day on wood and tile. It worked very well and didn't have any issues until it's untimely death. I loved how it helped me with the shedding, and how it would go under my television and beds, helping me out a lot with housekeeping. I am hopeful this replacement unit does't have any issues.,Had this little guy for almost a month and we probably use it 3 or 4 times a week.The first time we ran it we also swept the floor before hand to see how it worked compared to our sweeping. It did an amazing job filled the canister, we were impressed at what it picked up that we didn't even notice.  We have two dogs, and laminate flooring with a rug. It usually takes care of cleaning the kitchen, dining room, living room and hall in one round. The bedrooms are carpet and we just vacuum them but it works great in the front rooms with dust, fur, and grass that gets tracked in. It's very quiet, and it doesn't interrupt what we are doing while it runs.I have to also say after reading the reviews I was worried how it would handle the rug on the laminate and it does a good job runs right across it and goes around it and the rest of the edges.The filters are easy to take out and clean and the dust tray is a breeze to dump.At this point I am extremely pleased with the investment. Only downside is it doesn't communicate with Alexa.**Update well sadly the little vacuum has decided to dislike the rug. I was worried about the dark colors on the rug from other reviews I read but it does still do a great job cleaning the laminate.,When you watch this thing creep around your home, it looks like a drunken monkey. I cannot ascertain a real pattern so initially I was questioning its intelligence. I have no dog, cat, kids.....just a husband. The house appears as though the realtor is coming for a show BUT when I opened the machine to see what it picked up....I became a believer. Not sure where it got so much but the dustbin was quite full. Now for weeks of use, my house just seems cleaner and I am not begging my hisband for assistance quite as much. A win-win. On another note....customer service with this company is quite responsive. Personally I do some manual directionoing when the machine is working the house. It is responsive with the remote included,,So far so good, about a month into use and this vacuum is preforming great. in the beginning we had toadjust somethings that it would get caught under or attempt to suck up. Now the only issue is that it gets stuck under the counter top in two places, and it will sit there and attempt to go forward till someone moves it.I have two labs, and its spring, most of my home is hard wood. This thing usually fills the canister at least two times during its cycle. i also live in the woods so there is quite a bit of dirt. This does a great job with fine dirt/dust surprisingly. its got 3 stage filtration, a screen, a foam pad, and then a paper filter. i usually blow these out once a week and it makes a big diference as far as suctioni would and do recommend to everyone, it beats wasting time vacuuming,Unit works great and was able to use the Android app with ease, for 2 days. Now it says LOGON FAILED. Uninstalled app and reinstalled, reset password; same error. Called tech support, had no idea what to do. He turned the issue over to their tech support and will email me with a solution. Several customers have had this problem.As far as the unit itself and it's remote it is fabulous. Does a great job in cleaning. Some precautions need to be taken to prevent it from getting stuck. When it does it cry's like a baby.,This vacuum didn't even work one time.  Complete waste of money and it isn't a cheap cleaner.  Be very cautious.  I wouldn't tell anyone to but this.We were waiting to purchase this on Black Friday because there was such a good deal on it.  We got it after we had just moved and didn't open it right away.  We finally got it all set up, read the instructions and were excited to use it.  We picked up the floor so nothing would get stuck in it or cause it to stop working and started it as we went to bed.  Came down the next morning and found it about 20 feet away from its charging station.  The floors looked like they hadn't been done at all.  We thought it was odd, but decided that maybe it wasn't plugged in right so we made sure to attach it correctly, let it charge 24 hours, and try it again.Same thing happened.  We've tried moving it to another spot in the house to see if the outlet was a bad outlet.  That didn't work.  Sometimes it goes back to its charging station after about a 5 second cleaning, but usually it just gets 5-15 feet away and just stops all together.  We changed the cleaning spinners thinking maybe one got bent or was defective, but that didn't make a difference either.Really sad about it not working for the amount of money this cost.  It was a complete waste.  Didn't even work one time!!,If you can find it under $199 when on sale, it's a very good deal.  Works as advertised, but I was expecting the AI to be a little smarted in the year 2017.  It does pickup bunches of dog fur and debris, but will get stuck easily on any power cords or larger pieces of debris and paper.  Wifi app works well.  Two complaints - it loses it's scheduled program if turned off, and even more annoying is that if the base ever loses power, the deebot will start to search for it again, wandering around aimlessly, even though it is already fully charged.  This last point makes no sense at all to me but Deebot support says this is normal??,I was skeptical of a small auto robot that vacuums your floors and does well, however I am very impressed by its ability to clean very well.  We have a couple of parrots and they do tend to make a mess and the bird dander is quite a bit.  This little vacuum does a fantastic job of hitting everywhere and doing quite well.  We've had it about a month and so far so good.  Mapping found on more expensive robots would b nice but you're looking at adding another 400 or so to the price.  The N79 does well with its zig zag pattern and other programmable patterns, just make sure you tuck away any cords that might tangle the cleaning brushes.  Bottom line, great bang for the buck.,I've been a Roomba person for at least 15 years, and this is my first vac that was not a Roomba.  (For the price difference, I couldn't resist)  One thing I noticed is that the sound changes when it goes on carpet.  At first it gave me the feeling that it was struggling, but it still does a good job, so maybe it's just the sound this model makes.  (not bad, just slows slightly)  In general it does a good job.  It finds it's home better than my Roombas ever did.  I like the edge cleaning mode.  Sometimes I start that and let it circle the (very large room), then switch to auto mode.I was so please with the function (and price), that I bought a second one for my girlfriend.,Let me start off by saying I don’t think that there will be a robotic vacuum I am going to be satisfied with, but this comes close enough. We’ve had for a little over a month and it’s made us look like slobs with the amount of dirt it collects (we clean our house virtually every weekend from top to bottom like maniacs) so this machine definitely gets a good amount of dust hair etc.ProsIt’s generally quiet, you can have a conversation when it’s running if you elevate your voiceWhat it cleans it cleans wellIt’s a sleek modern lookHas fall sensors and they workDrawbacks1) it does not like sliders, and sometimes gets stuck on the track2) it does not like baseboard heat3) like all of them they clean irradically without rhyme or reason and can miss areas, I’ve found it needs to clean daily if you don’t want areas missed4) it doesn’t like baseboard heat on edge clean, it’ll take some time so make sure you also have enough clearance or it’ll get stuck5) small area rugs can be a problem. We have 3 short short rugs and if the vacuum hits the corner at an angle it’s sucks it up jams and gets stuck6) the biggest annoyance is that the fall seanors(which work incredibly well) constantly get dusty and it will stop operating when this happens. A recommendation to the manufacturer would be to build in a bypass on the app so when you get home it’s still cleaned should you choose to do so...we have it on the first floor so it’s incrwdbly annoying when thebdpectation is that it cleaned all morning and find out t didn’t for something relatively senseless in our case.7) it senses obstacles and stops before touching them...leaving corners and areas along the walls untouched unless you have it specifically on edge clean8) the manufacture should make it set to edge clean when the battery is low- the charger has to go against a wall anyways so it’ll find the charger that way, it can easily get lost and die in the middle of the room if it’s not wide open,Was a bit leery about this purchase but this little guy does great work. I named him Peabotty and I don't know where he finds the dust but he does. The unit is easy to clean and I've had no issues.  I do need to be at home when he's running around because I have one shag rug that he gets stuck in (he beeps until I rescue him).  Also, I did not have a place to put the docking station where there would be enough room to ensure the "return to the docking station" feature works. But it's easy enough to clean the unit and then manually put him in the docking station.  Remote works well too. Overall, I'm very happy with Peabotty.,Kind of disappointed with this vacuum.  It stops when it's in direct or indirect sunlight.  Even the reflection from the window in its' path will cause it to stop navigating. It handles carpet runners decently.  It is just as good as Robot 805 except for the sunlight that throws off the sensors.  Cleans well.,The original N79 more than met my expectations; considering it's relative cost; for its quiet noise levels, good cleaning (I have tile floors and a couple of tightly woven area rugs) and battery life. I would never have considered paying what other manufacturers are getting but am glad I purchased this machine, I hadn't realized how nice just always having a clean floor for my bare feet was (it's scheduled to run every other day)I had an issue (Alexa related, not cleaning performance related, initial ad on Amazon ) and complained, customer service reached out to me and went beyond my expectations to resolve it. They were clearly determined to make me a happy customer and did so. I would recommend this product and it's company.,I bought this item in Late September of 2017, within 3 months it has stopped working. I get 4 beeps with a constant red light, indicating the main brush is faulty. I have cleaned it out completely and done all troubleshooting listed in the manual. I have been in contact with EcoVacs customer service, the Deebot (N79), is still covered under the limited warranty, yet customer srrvice is playing phone tag and email tag with me, they wont aend me a shipping label to return/exchange my broken deebot, even though they said they were going to. Ecovacs is totally not legit. Amazon please stop supplyimg this item. Their products are not reliable and the company doesnt stand by their Warranty. A total sham. DONT BUY THIS ITEM AMAZON PRIME SHOPPERS. PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THIS.,This deebot worked great for two days, then constantly errored nonstop saying side brush malfunction.  We went through the troubleshooting procedures multiple times and it states to call the support with ECOVACS...this is where this experience turned to crap...they have a pathetic support system, we’ve made multiple calls and have been told a replacement has been shipped three different times.  Almost two weeks later, no replacement!  They are disorganized, inept and are a very crappy ran company!  I loved their product until there was a problem...I completely get things malfunction, but to have zero support is unacceptable!  Beware in buying their products!!!,I have had this vacuum robot for about a month now. For the price you can't beat it. It does take a rather sporadic path around the room but the next morning all the floors are clean. I set the alarm for 3 am and it's quiet enough that it doesn't disturb us when running in the living room,  dining room, kitchen,  and bathrooms. I have all hardwood floors and tile in those rooms with low pile rugs. It does am impressive job on the carpet in the  bedrooms as well.  I have a 4 year old and 10 year old and this robot keeps my floors clean.  Also love the spot clean feature and edge of room feature.,I bought this to clean carpet and laminate flooring. I have a 4 year old who loves to snack and leave crumbs everywhere. I pretty much run this thing everyday and it works really well for what I paid for it. The dust bin is easy to remove. The remote is easy enough to use that my little boy can operate it on his own. I can even operate it via the ecovacs app through my phone! The main brush is easy to remove and replace. I think that this is very important since that is one of the most used parts of this cleaning machine. I have had the experience of replacing the roller brush on bigger vacuums which is a pain. This robot vac makes part/brush replacement easy peasy. Also, it is not difficult to acquire replacement parts. Overall, this thing is cheap. It works and is easy to operate and replace parts.,Our Deebot 79 has blown away our expectations.  She wanders around the 2nd floor of our home vacuuming under beds and furniture, effortlessly transitioning from carpet to rug to bathroom tile, always picking up dust and dirt and filling her bin...  Our far more expensive Dyson doesn't compare.  Sure she gets trapped sometimes, beeps piteously and needs to be rescued, but what a difference she's made in just a couple weeks! Our carpets look fresher, less coughing and sneezing, less  dust everywhere.  She does  no less of  a great job when we take her downstairs to other levels. A month later, we still love "her" (named the robot "Hazel")., UPDATE: Customer service reached out to me via email and low and behold - it was my fault for not checking with the manual/keeping up on maintenance. There was too much hair caught around the main brush. I simply had to unscrew the cover of the main brush, remove the brush, and then use the tool they send to cut away tangled hair and fur. My DEEBOT is now working just as well as it did when I first opened it. I couldn't be happier although I'm feeling a bit dumb for not finding such a simple solution myself. Regardless, the DEEBOT customer service was great!When I first purchased this item I was in love. It worked quite well and I was pleased with the amount of animal fur it was able to pick up. I ran it approximately twice a week for 2 months. However, it no longer functions properly. When I run it now, it stops and begins beeping every 1-5 minutes depending. It also can no longer turn itself around when it bumps into furniture and instead begins beeping again. I am returning this item, as it is essentially useless after only 2 months of use.,Bought based on reviews. I’m not sure if people just leave the house and let this run but I actually watched it. I live in a box. Like literally a rectangle. Pretty straight forward. This thing stayed in one room and went over the same spots twenty times. Now, I cleaned out the tray after I noticed what it was doing. Then it kept doing it. Did not leave the room and the tray was empty at this point. So i picked it up and moved it to the living room which is a wide open area. This time it went to the same corner fifty times. So when i finally gave up i was left with one clean corner. Then it can’t find the charger? Why is there a “go to charger” button on the remote? I had to guide it to the charger with the remote. How stupid. Also, forget about setting it up to WiFi. Like most boxes these days you’ll have a 2.4 and 5ghz on one ssid - well it doesn’t work with that. You’d have to separate your ssid. It only works with a 2.4ghz which no one tells you. Then your devices cannot switch back and fourth automatically. This is crap. Don’t by it. Unless you want one clean corner.,I was skeptical of whether or not this would be a useful purchase for me and if it was worthwhile purchasing something other than the name-brand Roomba. I have been so pleasantly surprised with this robot vacuum that I can't believe I did not pull the trigger earlier.One of the reasons I was hesitant on the purchase is that I live in a small one-bedroom apartment and thought maybe my home is too small to need this. I have a cat, who for a short hair, sheds an incredible amount of fur all around my apartment. It would constantly end up on my clothes and make me look like the crazy cat guy. The amount of fur and other dirt that this pick up is kind of shocking.The first time I ran the Deebot, it bounced around my living room, kitchen and bathroom for about an hour until I just had to see what it picked up. I'm surprised the thing did not shut off with how much stuff it picked up! My bedroom is a step down from the rest of my apartment so the robot could not take care of that room along with the others, but did a good job of detecting and avoiding the drop off. I then ran the vacuum in my bedroom and it picked up just as much fur and dirt.Once I was satisfied, I downloaded the app and set the Deebot now known as Rosie the Robot on a cleaning schedule for every Monday, Wednesday and Friday when I'm at work. Note that you have to have your phone very close to the robot when trying to sync it up. I just placed my phone directly on top of the Deebot and it worked fine. On Tuesday and Thursday I will place Rosie in my bedroom and push the "auto" button before I leave. Again I was surprised to see how much it picked up even now that it's going three times a week over the same area.I'm not a neat freak but really enjoy having a clean home. I work a lot so I don't have a ton of spare time to dedicate to pulling out the vacuum and doing it manually. I think this is a worthwhile purchase for anyone but especially for homes with pets.,Awesome vacuum.  First let me say that this will not replace a regular vacuum and if you have a lot of pets it is not a miracle worker.  I have tile floors and one cat so dirt and fur do pile up a little.  My wife runs this daily to keep up with the house and uses our Dyson on the weekends to really clean.  The pathing on it is great, I have not seen it get stuck yet.  It can get out of some tight situations and it does eventually cover the whole floor.  When the battery is low or you tell it to go home it does.  I do have low carpet in the bedrooms and it does work well in there, but it moves much slower.,We love this thing!  We had an expensive Roomba years ago and it was okay but very loud.The Deebot is so quiet we couldn't even believe it.Does a great job cleaning, and you find yourself cheering for it as it desperately crawls back to it's base, gasping for juice.It's "nose" gets stuck under the fridge, so now we put a small piece of wood down there before we run the Deebot.,Had it a couple days and so far it works well. Really helps cut down on pet hair although sometimes it goes over my thresholds with no problems and other times it gets stuck but not a major issue as they are pretty large transitions. It’s kind of irratic sometime it will redirect itself and not run into something then other times it will hit it hard- it ran over my cat food plate the other day and made a huge mess but then sometimes it sees it and backs up- Idk it’s process- but overall we like it- and are happy with the purchase. Takes forever to find its home.,My wife wanted one of these robotic vacuum cleaners and after some research I bought this DEEBOT. To throw her off I told her I got her a present with her name on it so she would figure it was a piece of jewelry or some article of clothing. My wife's first name is DEE.  This thing does an amazing job.  The floor, both (low pile) carpet and laminate are clean as a whistle after it runs. It does everything it claims.  It comes with a spare filter and brush set and even has a remote.  It's easy to empty and most importantly she loves it.  It does everything the more expensive ones can do at a great price.,I have to say we really love our little Deebot! We use it everyday on our wood floors and area rugs and it does a great job. Have really noticed a HUGE difference of the amount of dirt and fur.we have laying around. We have 1 dog (he is a northern bred so sheds ALOT and 4 cats) and it keeps it all in check. Not too loud and we run it when we know someone will be home to be there in case it gets stuck.  Now note it does not do the heavy duty cleaning of an upright but we did not expect it to. That is why we have our Shark vacuum. I do not run it where there is wall to wall carpet as that is why we have our Shark vacuum. I will handle those rooms on the weekend! The awesome thing with our little Deebot is that I do not have to worry about my wood floors or under the furniture. It has been there and done that! It stays away from our stairs. One note to add is that it made it so that my furniture is not as dusty. I do believe our cats and dog are thinking it is just another "animal". Overall very pleased!,I wasn't quite sure what to expect, but this thing is actually pretty great. Now granted, if you have cables lying across the floor, it WILL get tangled up, but I feel like that's a given, and really - I should get those cables tucked away. Also, it freaks my cats OUT, but that's more of a bonus than anything else. :DIf I had to complain about ONE thing, though, it's that if you nudge it while it's in its charging dock - accidentally bump into it - it takes that as a signal to begin working. No, Deebot, I just accidentally bumped you, I did not push your START button.,We've had this vacuum for almost two months, and it's great at keeping the pet hair cleaned up, which is my main problem. We do have to empty the tray often and clean out hair from the roller, but it's not too much of an inconvenience. I'm rating 4 stars, because the vacuum does not return to the dock when the battery is low, and it wedges itself into cracks or gets stuck bumping into tight areas. The app works great for setting a schedule and notifying you of errors. Currently waiting to here back from the seller regarding a loud noise, that sounds like the motor is going out. Will post an update on how the seller handles issues and concerns later.**Update: Seller contacted us same day we inquired about issue. Company sent a new vacuum out, and had us package the old vacuum in the box received. New vacuum is working great, but if it starts making a loud grinding noise again....we'll see.,Worked great right out of the box.  I was surprised how well it cleaned and how much it picked up in the 90 minutes I ran it.  I have 2 area rugs that at times were a challenge BUT that didn't bother me at all.  For the price,  is the best.  Haven't had any problems so far...we love it,My first robot, and I already feel as though I cannot live without my new assistant. The floors have only been this clean shortly after being installed. Unfortunately the first one crapped out after two weeks of sucking up dog hair, fine particles, and dust bunnies that lived in places otherwise unexplored. I called the company and was assisted in a timely and courteous fashion. After trying a couple of their suggestions and describing exactly how the machine was behaving they decided to send me a new one. They sent me a prepaid UPS shipping label with which to return the first one (THANK GOD I KEPT THE PACKAGING). One week after using the replacement (which seems to have a little more power) it is still going strong. I only give this product four stars because of the trouble we had with the first one, otherwise it would be a fiver. We have one, big, boxer-mastiff mix whose hair is about 1.5" long and falls off him like rain every time he moves, and covered everything. That doesn't upset me anymore because Botty eagerly eats it up. Now we live in peace. I will update this review should the second robot crap out too. No news is good news., Update: it stopped working after 2 months of use. States “anti-drop malfunction. Please wipe it”. I’ve wiped it per the manual’s instructions and tried several times to get it going. However it doesn’t work at all. Reducing to one star until this is fixed.Was hoping for more based on the reviews. Seems to roam aimlessly rather than something more systematic in the routes. Not sure this will cover all surfaces. Doesn’t appear to remember any of its routes and takes a while for it to figure out where its dock was. Wish it also knew when it’s stuck and turn itself around. It had trouble on our pedestal table (see video),This product has become a huge bummer.  It showed up late yesterday and after charging it all night we were excited to watch it do its thing today.  first thirty minutes were awesome.  but then it found its way to our dog bowl area and kept reattempting this little lip.  we waited for it to learn and it never did.  we moved it away only to find the Deebot go right back and continue thumping into the water bowl.  after that I realized it was not connected to wifi and reattempted the connection.  It won't connect.  After contacting my internet provider and having them reset my wifi and passwords and all this huge ordeal it still won't connect.  (yes my wifi is 2.4 Ghz).  so I left a message with customer support.  haven't heard back. and I have no idea what is going on.  super bummed about this product.  spent 230$ and a whole day only to not get the product to work.  It won't map without the app and wifi connection so for now we just have a vacuum that keeps trying to suck up our dogs water bowl.  not chill.  I want it fixed but if i don't hear back soon I will just be returning.,Absolutely LOVE this vacuum! We had previously tried a BOBsweep robot vacuum because it was given to us and we didn't like it at all. It got stuck all the time on a tile floor and it didn't effectively pick up anything. We got the DEEBOT N79 a few days ago and we are already in love with it. It doesn't get stuck, it keeps up wonderfully with all the dog hair (German shepherd aka German shedder), the filters are outstanding with sucking up and holding dust ( we live in Arizona where dust is everywhere lol) it has no problem with our rug and the couple mats that we have around the house, and it really easy to use. It is also much quieter than the other one we tried. The remote is convenient and we also really like the fact that we can control it via our phones with the easy to use app. They include. extra side brushes and filters, as well as a cleaning tool in the box which is really nice. The app also lets you know how much life there is on the accessories so that you can have a better idea for when to change them. We were also pleasantly surprised with the capacity of the dust/debris collector bin...it really holds quite a lot! So all in all, we love this vacuum and are so glad we bought it.,For the price you just can't beat this little vacuum.I owned a Roomba Discovery 400 series for years.  This thing is EXPONENTIALLY more quiet...  Lasts a considerably longer amount of time on a charge...It doesn't offer a virtual wall accessory - but quite by accident I found that a piece of Matte Black Gaffer's tape on the floor will prevent it from crossing.  Probably tricks the sensors into thinking it's a ledge.Very very pleased with my purchase!,I don't know how to sing the praises for this little guy loudly enough. I couldn't imagine a more expensive model doing anything better than this guy does. We have two dogs and a cat, and they have a lot of hair. I used to vacuum daily and my floors constantly felt dirty. Now, we set Reuben (what we named our hardworking guy) to run around the house while we're at work, and the floors have never been cleaner. He consistently fills his bin every time he runs, and sometimes we run him twice daily on the weekends. We did have a short issue with him not finding his way home, but this was remedied by moving his dock to a more open area. He runs 1.5-2 hours on one charge, and isn't shy about ducking into nooks and crannies that haven't seen a vacuum in some time (under the dining room table, under the beds, etc). He's worth every cent. If you're contemplating a robo vacuum, look no further.,First robo-vac and pleasantly surprised at how it operates and how well it picks up dirt. It is not perfect, but what product is? It's quiet, intelligent enough to get around (dark furniture seems to be where it bumps into things more often), and did I mention the dirt??? Edge mode is my favorite because this thing goes to town on the dog hair that has accumulated throughout he week. This will not replace a good deep cleaning but will do just fine helping you maintain it throughout the week.,This is a great vacuum for the price. I'm rating 5 stars strictly based on bang for the buck.  There are several features that I would like in addition to this vacuum but I did assume it would lack some beneficial features when I purchased.  However, with the price, I am very happy with what functions it provides. I am very energy conscious and I something that surprised was the fact that the vacuum does not return to the dock until the battery is throttled.  This also means that there is no layout mapping, the vacuum just runs over and over again until the battery is low.  It does get stuck in a few places but you can create a workaround.  Below is a list of pros and cons and the Pro of being inexpensive compared to other models greatly outweighs all cons.Pros: Very Inexpensive, 3" high, senses larger items (won't run into), navigates from hardwood to 1/2" carpet,Cons: no room mapping, no virtual walls, only returns after battery is getting close to empty, Gets stuck on refrigerator & light floor mats, only runs schedule on "auto" not borders or room, will push any rugs or flip over their corners if they are light or flimsy, need dual band 2.4 not 5 router to have app function,Resolutions to Cons:I anchored small floor mats to the floor with a loop of light tape to prevent the vacuum from pushing and flipping them over.I placed blocks of wood under refrigerator temporarily to prevent getting stuck, you can do this for other furniture too.I just do not schedule the vacuum to run when I'm not home, I'm sure this will change as I have only had the vacuum for a few days.Overall, this is a great product for the price.  I would buy this again for my purposes.  If I had no price restriction I would buy one with the following qualities: room mapping, virtual fence, multiple function scheduling.,Haven't had it that long yet so if there is any significant change will update later. Pros 1. Obviously the price. 2. It works. Cons 1. Does not run in an organized pattern, as in how you mow your yard. Just haphazardly goes all over the place.I didn't download the app for phone (don't need it) so can't comment on that. But it does work and has decreased the dog hair significantly. Haven't noticed fur bunnies floating across the floor like tumbleweeds since we started using it so for the price it can't be beat!!!ECOVACS DEEBOT N79 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner with Strong Suction, for Low-pile Carpet, Hard floor, Wi-Fi Connected,In fairness, this only arrived yesterday.  My experience thus far is that this device is superior to any of the Roombas that I've owned.  It's extremely easy to set up -- even if you decide to use the wifi options.  More important to me, it appears to have much stronger suction than my previous robot vacuums.  It also thoroughly cleans large areas one one charge (although you'll need to empty the trash bin at least once).  My house consists of hardwood floors, tile bathrooms, and area rugs.  The Deebot negotiates all of these surfaces without any problem, and does a very thorough job. Great alternative to the more expensive Roomba line!,It's a decent product for the money however make sure that's a fit for your environment.Pros:* Good price for what you get.* It works most of the time.* You can control it with your phone* Doesn't bang all the walls like my Rumba.Cons:* It gets stuck way to often so I can't let it do the cleaning on timer.  Two out of three times when it's cleaning it get stuck under my sofa, under the kitchen cabinets, fridge and washer and dryer. In the same spots my Rumba 6xx never get stuck.* I end up using it only in living room when I have wood floors and there is nothing that can trap the N79.,My N79 stopped working after about 3 weeks of use. If I use the remote or app to control it manually, it works fine, but if left to its own devices it'll stop working and display a "side brush malfunction" after about 5 minutes of run time. Ecovacs support has been MIA for about a week and a half, so I'll be returning it as defective.,I had been looking at buying a Roomba for almost a full year. I didn't want the very basic one, but a middle line Roomba. After seeing the Deebot N79 on sale for $160.00 including shipping, I decided I would go this route and then if I wasn't impressed, I would sale it on Craigslist. I am seriously in love with it. I run it early in the mornings and then when i get home from work before bed. We have 115 lb golden retriever who I would bet money that he sheds more than any dog alive. We also have a small dachshund who shed minimal. I have OCD when it comes to my house being clean. I would literally sweep every. single. day and I have worn out numerous vacuums due to how much I use them. We have hardwood floors almost everywhere but the kitchen, our master bedroom downstairs and bathrooms. Deebot has literally cleaned every surface so well I didn't follow up with manual sweeping or vacuuming. This morning, I let it run and then decided I would sweep myself and found NOTHING. Our carpet in our bedroom looks soooo good. I am so impressed. We have a jute rug in the living room and Deebot cleans it nicely. Rugs in our bathroom that our big vacuum would suck up, Deebot glides over them nicely. I was so worried because Deebot brands are a fraction of what a Roomba goes for, it seemed too good to be true. It is not. I am seriously so happy. Make sure you clean the tray after each use if you have dogs.The only things I've noticed -*Deebot seems to run into black furniture, but I read that other Robotic Vacuums also do this.*Once the battery says it needs to charge, it makes me nervous because Deebot keeps working. This morning I watched it dock itself without the assistance but it took a while. I've never had another Robotic vacuum so maybe this is common with all of them.Overall- I HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend. Treat yourself. The app was easy to follow. Make sure you let it charge for at least 4 hours before using the first time.,Updated! So it worked great and then stopped all of a sudden. I emailed the company directly and they responded quickly, and after a few emails within a day, they put a new one in the mail with a box and UPS prepaid label to return the old one. Great company, great product. Love that it comes with cleaning tools!!!Worked greaat the first couple months, now it gets "stuck" constantly! I hit play on the remote and it starts back up for a few seconds and then stops again. It is getting really irratating. And the times it does actually work without stopping, it seems to miss entire sections of the room. Super disappointed because I loved it so much at first.,Bought this vac in July 2017... It stopped working after 8 months of light use (run it 2 times a week). Looked up the beep codes and it states the main motor has a problem. Send an email to the MFR and initially the response was great... However since they stated they would send me a replacement and a UPS call tag for the old one I am getting crickets. I wouldn't tell anyone not to purchase one of these bots because when they work they work great.. However customer service is lackluster at best and if you do buy just be aware you are getting zero warranty.Update... So Ecovacs did come through and replaced my N79.... I am once again a happy Deebot owner... I will say that the silence when replying to tickets isn't great but overall I am happy.,Absolutely brilliant product. I am still trying to figure out why the competition is so much more expensive. This does everything that you would expect from a robot vacuum cleaner. Cleans on a schedule. Saves me so much time. And it cleans VERY well. Here is a photo of how much it was able to grab on only its first run in my small, already very clean studio apartment. The only downside for me is that it usually runs out of power before it can make it back to its charging base as advertised. No big deal, as I can simply carry it back.,I do like this product. I purchased this because my son has a dog that sheds and the hair was getting unbareable. You turn it on or set it to auto and it seems to do a thorough job. It does a great job at picking up stuff. The bin is small so it has to be emptied every 2 days only because of the dog hair, easy to do though. It gets stuck in a raised pad my wife has at the kitchen sink and under an edge of some of my cabinets. I have to make sure i put obstacles where i don't want it and move cords to keep from entanglement. I was expecting this kind of vacuum to have some cleaning strategy. Like it would go back and forth across a room or maybe it would learn a house layout. But this just goes aimlessly though the house. Don't get me wrong it does a good job it's just not efficient at doing it.,Super easy set up. Unbox to start up took 3 minutes. Download ECOVAC app on phone and add Robot to your list, connect to WiFi and boom, you can tell it where to go, see it's battery and do everything you need. After turning it on, it started through my living room and kitchen. I have a 3000 sf house. I noticed it stayed in one half of my house near it's home position, but the unit can be directed to other areas. It did have a little trouble finding it's way back to home, but after some time it did find it. It picked up a ton of stuff, floors and carpet are super clean. The trash bin was full after 30 minutes, and I vacuum every day, so I was surprised. This price point is amazing and worth every penny.,EXCELLENT customer service! This vacuum does a good job of keeping our floors pretty clean. It's not perfect - it can get hung up in corners or on random things occasionally. Overall, however, for a vacuum that rarely needs our attention, it's great for keeping our floors much cleaner than we normally would. We have had a couple of issues with it, but both times customer service has responded quickly and even replaced/upgraded our unit when they couldn't quickly solve the problem with our vacuum. We couldn't be more pleased with the service and we're glad to have our robot back in business.,Meh.  It vacuums more often than I do, which is it's crowning glory.  But it gets stuck on rugs, and travels around our 1,200 sf smaller home so randomly that it literally takes hours to vacuum the whole house.  I have shoulder length hair, and we have a cat and dog.  The hair really causes it major entanglement, we've had to use the tool (included) to cut the hair off the roller at least five or six times in two months.  I've never had to do that for a vacuum before.In a nutshell, I think it's overrated.  I wish I could afford the one that learns your house pattern to make it's run cycle shorter and more efficient.  Disappointed.,I absolutely love this vacuum AND ECOVACS has the very best customer service EVER! We have all hardwood floors with a few stress mats in the kitchen and throw rugs throughout the house. Live on a large farm with 3 dogs (1 Jack Russell that sheds like crazy in the house), livestock and lots and lots of dirt. This little bad boy makes my life so much easier. Great for dog hair, tracked in sand and dirt, just plain dust and stuff. It is wonderful. As several reviewers said, it doesn't always find it's way back to the charger and sometimes it gets lost in my laundry room. But if that's the worst that happens, it's all good!Now let me tell you about ECOVACS customer service - a little over 2 years ago, Best Buy had a flash sale for a Deebot 35 for $99. I always wanted a robotic vacuum but wasn't sure it would fit our needs on the farm. But for $99 (regularly $199) and a 30 day return policy, I thought it was worth a try. That little vacuum was wonderful from the first time I used it. Worked every single day. A few months ago, I unplugged it, turned it off and stored for a few weeks as we were remodeling and I didn't want to damage it. When I tried to set-up and recharge, the vacuum wouldn't hold the charge. I called ECOVACS and they told me a procedure for setting it back up. That never worked and I tried to buy a new battery - couldn't find one to buy. I called ECOVACS, they were going to send me a new battery at no charge. At that time, I thought WOW and gave them my mailing address. Then I got an e-mail that the ECOVACS DEEBOT 35 model had been discontinued. So I gave up, started researching for another vacuum, kept coming back to ECOVAC, and after careful study bought this ECOVACS N79 and have loved it since day one.BUT!!! Guess what I got today ?!?!? ECOVACS sent me a brand new N78 to replace my little D35. I am just astounded! PLEASED!! But astounded!! Who has that kind of customer service anymore?You don't know me, but anyone that does, knows that I never write a customer review - be it good or bad.,One week in and we are so happy. I unleashed "Dee" on our first floor open concept house and he has not disappointed.  He constantly gets the crumbs underneath the kitchen table and the excess fur from the cat. Every time I empty the bit, I'm amazed at the amount of dust, dirt, and hair that is being picked up.Dee makes the transition to our area rug with ease and I took him upstairs to get under the bedroom beds. He was able to traverse the carpet in the bedroom with no difficulty and did a very good cleaning that had not been done in a long time.So happy I did not pay $700 for the same features in a roomba.The only thing that may change the opinion over time would be durability. To be determined.,I love this product! This is one of the best purchases I’ve made on amazon. My floors are always so dusty from dog hair and the vacuum makes them look good as new. I don’t know how well this would work in a house, but for an apartment it’s great! I’ve noticed the vacuum getting faster and bumping into less furniture over the past couple of weeks. It’s my understanding the device adjusts to ones floorplan. So far I’m extremely happy with this company and I plan on buying the “mop vacuum” version in the future. Initially when I read the mixed reviews I was concerned the vacuum wouldn’t have much suction, but the quality is surprising very high end considering the affordable price. I’ve recommended this product to all of my friends with apartments. I will update my review if anything changes.,Used for the first time today and did an excellent job.  When in Auto Mode you won't get the floor next to the baseboards by about 2 to 3 inches.  After it had gone through most of the offices I changed it to baseboard mode and it did a very good job.  Our office has all tile floors and 2 dogs so keeping up with pet hair and sand drug in from our farm, sweeping was a full time job.  Be sure to lift any power cords and computer cables to keep them from getting tangled in the sweepers.  I like that it has 2 sweepers on either sides and not just one as some robotic sweepers do.  It came with 2 extra sweepers and filter which is nice.  It ran for 2+ hours before docking itself.  Our office has 4 single offices, one large entry, conference room, 1 long hall and 1 short hall that is L shaped and a kitchen and it swept them all in that amount of time.  For the price it is a great value as there is no way I would pay upwards to 600+ for one of these, I can't imagine what those would do that this one didn't.  I will probably get one for my home now.,I've only had my robot for a few months but I'm absolutely in love! I recently moved to another state and am no longer in two stories. This machine works wonders and vacuums beautifully! I honestly can't believe I've gone so long without buying one! Now that I have one, I don't know if I can ever go back to life without one! With a full charge it will literally vacuum for what seems like over an hour (I haven't actually timed it.) It's easy to clean and gets the job done. And when it runs out of battery, it returns to the station (itself) to charge. It's one of my favorite tech buys ever!,One word, AMAZING!!! Who would have known this small little robotic vacuumed would vacuumed as well or better than your upright. I had no idea until I set it loose after an evening of making sure it was fully charged. Anyway I hesitated buying one of these robotic vacuumes for years due to cost and the fact I really questioned myself how well could this little thing work compared to my upright. My recommendation is to take the plunge and get one. You will kick yourself for not making this purchase earlier as I’m doing right now. No more vacuuming my twenty five hundred square foot house anymore with the upright as the robot vacuumed now does it all for me now....how fantastic!,With toddler in a carpet home its a nightmare to keep things clean. This machine is awesome in doing its job. we have restricted it to just living room and it does a wonderful job of cleaning up basic pile of thing in the carpet.It doesn't have a great suction power like manual vacuum. But it does the job i intended.I reduced one star because once its down on battery it does not find its charging station unless its in very near to it. It just goes around in random direction in the hope that it will go to a region where it can detect the charging station.Came with additional brushes and filter which havent used yet as the existing one has 80% usage still left.,I love this vacuum!!  It works great, I have it set to run on its own every morning and it does a great job.  I have 2 cats and their hair was so out of control I was cleaning and vacuuming almost daily.  The deebot has cut down on my need to do manual cleaning significantly.  It has good suction, isn’t too loud, manages well on hard surface floors and carpet, avoids the stairs and landings and it is easy to clean and handle.  I have suggested this product to friends!  I’m also very impressed it does such a great job for the price being nearly half the price of other robot vacuums.  I also like that I can manage it from my phone if I’m away from home.,Had this Deebot vacuum for about 3 months now.  Really loved this unit for the first month and a half.  I was shocked by what it picked up daily.  It seems to find a lot of dust.  We have a 2,400 s.f. house that is 70% wood and tile, with bedrooms being carpeted.Recently I've had a few problems that I haven't been able to fix.  The first issue is less operating time.  It would run a full 2 hours when we first got it, now it runs a little over an hour and has to re-dock.  The 2nd issue is the vacuum getting stuck now.  For some reason it struggles with carpet now.  It will stop on the carpet and give the beeping signal of being stuck.  When I go to move it it will just be next to the wall on the carpet with no obstructions.  We have a regular pile height carpet and the vacuum worked great on it when it was new.Bottom Line:  Vacuum worked excellent new, but seems to be diminishing over time.  I'll work with tech support and see if there are any adjustments I can make.  I'll update review if I'm able to find any fixes.,It does vacuum the floors, but has no order to it. It drives wherever it pleases without any sense of direction. Since there is no mapping technology and no dirt sensor, this unit would go in a random zig-zag motion without any clue. Because of that, the battery runs out very quickly without cleaning the entire floor. It would go back to its charging pod when the battery is low, but after its fully charged would not start back where it left off. I returned and upgraded to Deebot R95. R95 is truly a man's best friend. I love that vacuum since it does not drive in a random zig-zag motion but rather a steady straight line motion, back and forth the entire floor. I love the mapping technology feature of the R95 since it allows me to see the entire floor plan which gives me an option to create virtual walls.,As a former Roomba user, I was skeptical that this vacuum could do the job. It performs as well if not better than the Roomba. The biggest advantage is that it is so much quieter. You can actually watch tv and carry on a conversation while its running. The only downside I could find is that it hits dark furniture on dark floors. It will not run into light colored baseboards  or furniture with dark floors. It stops just before it gets to it and turns around. But still so much better than the  roomba which would ram into everything.,I bought two of these, as gifts for my adult children.  Both really like it.  In my daughter's words, "This thing is amazing!"  Set up was simple, and it just works.  Very thorough, though it takes a while.  You can program it to work at night while you are sleeping.  Adjusts well from wood or tile to rugs.  It's quiet and efficient, and it charges itself when the battery is low.  I am going to buy another for myself.  I also had a question and was impressed with the prompt and courteous customer service.  I spent a lot of time researching and reading reviews and am really glad I went with this one.  It's a great value.,This little dude seems to be a great buy for the price.  I am surprised at the amount of stuff it picks up.  It sometimes goes wherever it wants and I am slowly getting the hang of operating it.  I bought it for hard to get places like under the beds and it does a great job.  It is great for getting around the baseboards also.  Sometimes it gets a little confused finding the charging station, but after it hunts for a little while, it seems to always find it.  It is kind of fun watching it do its job and also great not pushing the heavy vacuum around.  I would recommend it to others that want one of these for a lot less money that the other brands.,I thought by purchasing this vacuum, it would finally remove having to vacuum from my weekly chore. Well, I was wrong! When it's running, it literally gets stuck all over the place. This major headache led me to delete its mobile app, because besides the app's UI being extremely difficult to navigate, I also don't trust this vacuum to run its own course while no one is at home. For heaven's sake, I certainly don't want to come home just to find this thing stuck somewhere again. I suppose I'll have to settle with using the remote control only. This vacuum also makes a loud noise when it's running, although it doesn't seem to be grinding noises but it's still loud and annoying nonetheless. Is this even normal? Also, its performance on vacuuming cat litter is practically useless despite being very noisy with poor suction - instead of picking up cat litter on low-pile carpet, those two front brushes would spin and cause cat litter to fly all over the place! Is this a vacuum cleaner or a robotic cannon that launches cat litter?The bottom line is I can do a much cleaner job by using a traditional vacuum in 2/3 of the time. With a traditional vacuum, it's also unnecessary to empty the dustbin multiple times just to finish vacuuming since the size of this robotic vacuum's dustbin barely holds any dust and debris. I'll probably simply stop using this device and start vacuuming again myself, at least summer is almost here and it's always good to stay in shape.,I live in the desert and also have two shorthair cats. I mainly bought the deebot to help me clear cat fur, kibble and cat litter off the tile (natural slate with irregular surface). Works great on the tile and carpet in my home (short pile) in addition to the area rugs and has no trouble transitioning from one surface to the other. However, the deebot does not perform at the same level as my upright Dyson animal. The latter pulls more fine dust and particulates than deebot (I let deebot clean the carpet, then ran the Dyson behind it and pulled a lot more stuff up -- fur and dust, but a lot less than if I hadn't run deebot first). So, I let deebot focus on the tile and run the Dyson on the carpets to get the deeper clean. Oh, and yes, the cats get some entertainment out of tracking deebot and letting the deebot "chase" them. Likes: (1) Easy to set up and easy to use, (2) Cleans the way I'd hoped it would, (3) There's an app for it, and (4) catertainment. Dislikes: None really, although I wish it were Alexa compatible.,I have had this product for about 4 months now and LOVE it. This thing is a workhorse and at the right price. Recommend this over any iROBOT product.Product comparison with iROBOT:ECOVAC DEEBOT N79Pros:Low priceCost of replacement parts is cheapAble to remove parts to unclog wheels or roller brushesGood app interfaceGreat for pets and childrenCustomer support is AMAZING - a person answers the phoneCons:The alert beeping is loud - so if you plan to run it at night and it gets hung up, it'll wake youA little bit loud if you were trying to watch TV and its in the same room as you, though you wont really hear it if it's in another roomyou must clean out the bin daily if you want it to work at its best performanceiROBOTPros:works really well - for a short period of timeCustomer support is friendly and helpfulCons:expensivereplacement parts are expensivecan't clean wheels easilyWill charge you for anything to be replacedI have a 5 person household that includes two children, plus a golden retriever. We have programmed the DEEBOT to run every night. and empty it each morning. We use this on tile and wood floors, with three entry way mats and it cleans them with ease. my floors have never been cleaner. I'm very satisfied with this product.,Well day 6 and all is good with the Dermot, now affectionaly known as Galinda. The amount of daily dust retrieved from my 2600 square foot one level home is short of amazing. Just moved into this new home and one Wouldn't expect that much dust, but Galinda found it. The only issue I have, and it's purely my issue, is I have a high pile throw rug in front of the couch and Galinda gets hung up every time. I don't know how to place a virtual wall up to prevent her from going onto that thing.The unit is Quiet and when compared to the Samsung and compatible Roombas she is a great value for the money. My co-worker has 5 robotic vacs a combination of Roombas and Samsung and he's impressed with it being so quiet and the size of the collection bin.Now I'm tempted to try the wet mop model, but we will see. Bottom line if you are looking for a solid robot vac at an affordable price then Deebot is worth the look.,No.  I don't love it.  She does.  One of the few things I did right.  Probably will crap out now that I gave it 5 stars but it wonders around a does its little job.  Not very loud.  Doesn't get stuck much.  Almost always makes it home.  Doesn't mark the walls or knock things over.  I'm hoping for durability.  Had it about a month now.  My wife, the Clean Queen, vacuumed daily, sometimes more often.  Now she opens up the little bin and almost always finds it full.  This gives her and me a rest.  My dog hates it though.  That will take some training.Our floors are tile, wood look tile  and low cut pile throw rugs..  No hangup issues.,I've avoided getting a device such as this for several reasons, wanted to allow the technology to mature and for the price to drop.This machine will get caught under cabinets and a few other traps around the house but for the most part it works really well.Since turning this loose around the house, it will clean up 98% of the trash on the floor and when it is done, it will return to the base to recharge. I had it programmed to come on automatically but turned that off and just run it as needed since it doesn't need to run every day.I liked this so well I got one for my mom and she is also a fan.,Works well when it is not stuck or falling down the stairs.  We had a 500 series Roomba for years and couldn't live without it.  When it finally died we bought an 800 series and were not happy.  So we returned it to Costco and bought this one.  This one cannot seem to avoid getting stuck.  The pros are it has a big waste compartment and does pick up well.  It is super quiet!  Just wish it would finish the job rather than getting stuck.  We have kept it as it is about half of the price of the Roomba we bought and is comparable.  Also wish it had lighthouses to keep it out of areas.,I was a skeptic about whether this would work for me and didn't want to spend the money on some of the better known brands.  I have a friend who did a considerable amount of research and she settled on this one.  I was the beneficiary of her research so I went for it.  We have two dogs and hardwood/tile floors.  I was tired of the tumbleweeds of hair that accumulated under the dining room table.  I have not seen a tumbleweed since getting the Deebot N79.  I run it daily and it picks up the hair that accumulates on the floor before the balls of hair can form.  It's wonderful!  I only run it when I'm home because we have a raised threshold between our dining room (hardwood) and kitchen / sunroom (tile) and the Deebot tends to get hung up on that.  Otherwise, this is perfect.,We have six (count ‘em) SIX cats! There might be a little cat hair here and there 🤣🤣🤣🤣Our flooring is all vinyl plank and tile. We have a flat mat-type rug in front of the stove.We turned DeeBot loose last night and WOW!! Not only did he pick up enough fur to build another cat, he picked up an amazing amount of grit that gets tracked in. And he’s darned quiet about it!  The cats watch with interest but don’t freak out like they do when I run the traditional vacuum.He ran right up on that kitchen rug and got it beautifully clean.I am having trouble getting it synched with the app; keeps telling me to change my wifi to DEEBOT-xxxx, but when I try, that wants a password. Eventually it times out. The wifi light on the unit is blinking continuously.  Works just wonderful anyway.Very very happy. I think so far our word of mouth advertising has sold two of these 😺When are you coming out with the one that climbs up and dusts furniture?,So far I am very pleased with how well this thing performs! I have 2 dogs that shed like crazy & are notorious yard diggers. I have to constantly sweep our house (wood & tile, no carpet) to try & keep things under control. Like others have previously mentioned, the amount of dirt & hair it picks up on the first run is crazy. The low profile is nice and allows it to go in & out from under my couch with ease. The noise level is about what I expected it to be... It's louder than the hmmm  of a microwave but quiter than the noise of a stand up vacuum.  Setting up the app was super easy & so far it seems to perform as advertised. It doesn't map the room but that's not really something I find all that important.The only reason I'm not giving this 5 stars is the inability to tell how full the dust bin is w/o turning the machine off and manually checking it yourself. Given the amount my dogs shed I worry it will accidentally choke itself on dog hair one day.  Hopefully that doesn't become an issue but only time will tell.,Perfect for the price.  Like others have said, it's amazing how much dirt it can find.  Will go under dining chairs and keeps bumping into legs until it escapes.  You need to pick up throw rugs, loose cords, clothes, errant tissues  before using.  When home, I will let it loose in a room for 30 minutes then return it to its charger.  When away, it seems to work well unattended.  It stops at stairs (I put it on a landing and watched nervously for the first 5 times) and finds the charger even in complicated L-shaped rooms.  Our house is mostly hard floors with only a few area rugs, but it goes over those rugs fine and will run almost an hour before looking for the charger.  For this price it is missing some features like mapping but I'm ok with that.  Only problem spot for us is it will hang up under the front of the refrigerator.  We will trust it to keep our busy house clean.,Outstanding product and performance at an excellent price! This vacuums very well indeed. It takes a little bit of time and the way it moves here and there looks random but eventually covers all of the areas to be done. The handheld remote control could use more useful documentation since somehow the program for starting the vacuum got set in the handheld remote for midnight! Woken up to vague sounds of someone moving about in the lower level. Only to come downstairs and finding "Oscar", our Ecovacs cleaning the floor. Happened two or three nights in a row! We were imagining AI run amuck and just testing its own will against ours!,I should have kept the packaging longer.  I gave this a trial of two weeks.  I wasn't completely happy with it since there was a pile of glitter right in front of the docking station that it took about a week to clean up.  I have also found it drained of battery in my living room, and now I know why.  The thing goes to the corner under the couch and gets itself stuck.  It also shuts itself in the bathroom, and has such an erratic pattern of cleaning that I still find stuff on the floor in the kitchen.  I empty it after each cleaning, and it is full but I don't consider this a thorough cleaning since it seems to miss sections of my downstairs.  I have hardwood with some area rugs, and I do a thorough pickup before each cleaning.  Maybe there are better options on the market - I don't consider this one worthy of the money spent.,I only give this 4 stars because if it loses power the schedule resets. That’s annoying. We have 4 pets, one of them with long hair, and we have to clean the brush once every two hours of run time. This would be great without the long haired pet.Otherwise, it cleans very thoroughly and hops over our rugs and hardwoods with no problem. It even gets under the kitchen cabinets that never get cleaned. It’s very quiet, we don’t even have to turn the TV up when it’s running.,My only complaint is that I didn’t buy this sooner. I did much research before choosing this model, and I am confident I bought the best and most economical model out there.  We have two dogs and one cat.  This little guy is quiet and goes around and does his job  very well. You will spend more time emptying the bin than anything else. So far, it picks up more than our high end regular vacuum.  Save yourself a little time and order replacement parts at the same time. We won’t need them for a while, but want to have them on hand. We cannot believe how much this picks up that our regular vacuum misses. I wish I had this a long time ago.,I'm a bit mixed on this one. It works ok. it is definitely more affordable than the other options, but it gets stuck a lot. to be fair that might say more about my ability to keep cords off the floor, but every time i set it to go while I'm away it inevitable gåets stuck. it's kind of like having a pet that constantly needs your attention. The irritating thing is that it seems to delete it's routine cleanings when it gets stuck or every so often, so i have to keep resetting it. It also works on a random pattern, so you need consistency and frequency to clean your whole house.,This is really somewhere between a 3 and a 4. In any "complex" room, it gets stuck pretty easily on carpet edges, under couches, or even over a cold air return (sometimes it thinks it's a stair.) But in a "plain" and squarish room, it does surprisingly well. Even after a fresh regular vacuum, it is able to find and clean up even more dust / dirt / cat hair, etc. We can't use it as hoped (middle off the night vacuuming) because it too often gets stuck and then had a horribly loud beeping. But we do set it out from time to time for spot cleaning of certain rooms. It's good, just not great.,This vacuum does a great job keeping our downstairs clean.  While I have not timed the run cycle, it cleans for a long time.  The nice thing is that it doesn't run blindly into walls and obstacles.  The sensors slow it down, and it turns before bumping into most of the obstacles.  The dirt receptacle is easy to empty, and this thing picks up quite a bit of debris.  Best of all, it is extremely quiet.  Much quieter than Roomba.  We were watching TV in the living room as it would pass by doing its thing.  There's a funny little plus also.  Last night our power went out.  Either when the power was restored or prior, it went into auto mode and started cleaning in the middle of the night.  It couldn't find its way back home because the charger still did not have power.,I purchased 2 of the Deebot N79 on Black Friday, one for each floor of my house.  I charged the first one and used it 4 times before it completely stopped working. Contacted customer service by email as there is no way to speak to a person. Began with Danica who passed email on to John, who passed it on to Levi who passed it on to Brian. This occurred over several days with many emails from me. No one helped with my problem.  Customer service there is nonexistant. I charged the 2nd Deebot and after using it 1 time it also stopped running.  This device, for me, is a piece of junk. I packed them up and returned them to Amazon. So frustrating!,I purchase on Black Friday and I really like it clean very good I thought my floors were not that dirty but it does collect so much dust specially now with the heater on, reason I gave a 3 star is because it broke fast. I do have long hair but the descriptions say that works for picking up hair. I have hard wood floors and in some areas I do have area rugs. I only use it twice. Already send an email to customer service.,I have to admit that I was skeptical about any and all robot vacuums but I decided on the Deebot based on all the reviews. I’m extremely impressed how well this actually works. It’s not supported by Alex but that’s not a deal breaker considering how well this lil guy works. Keep in mind that it will eat socks, small toys and power cords, lol. It’s great to turn loose in a bedroom because not only does it vacuum the main floor, it’s the perfect size to get those dust bunnies under the bed as well. When the battery gets low it will return to the charging base on its own although sometimes it seems like it takes the long way home but has never failed to return. I am equally impressed by Deebot customer service. All merchants on Amazon and elsewhere should take heed and provide the same level of customer care and consideration as Deebot, they know how important customers are and how to keep them coming back.,WOW this thing is great .Set to auto run at 5:30 pm every day and it does just that .We have only had Ecovac a week but let me tell you no more dirty floors no dog hair, I don,t  think we ever have to sweep again. We have Hardwood and tile floors 2 dogs  labradoodles  this ecovac suppose to have a 100min battery but it runs about 2hrs at our house then goes back to charging station. Ecovac absolutely exceeds all of our expectations. Cleans everywhere under sofas, beds, furniture anywhere it can fit it will go and vac that area. If you have thick rugs may not work as good but Im  not sure. Will update review if  our expectations change.,I just wanted to say this product is amazing and I am looking forward to trying other products from ecovacs. I have one other robot vacuum brand and this vacuum picks up more, battery last longer, is quieter, and looks more stylish. I love how it is affordable and I have been recommending it to all my friends and family. I can't believe I lived without a robot vacuum for so long and I can't believe how affordable you have made it. My wife thought it was a big waste of money and now she can't stop telling her friends how much she loves it too! Thank you for this amazing product and for keeping my floors cleaner and my family happier and healthier.,Works really well, but don't expect deep cleaning.  This is a great little device for every day cleaning.  If you're the type who uses an upright vacuum cleaner everyday, then you'll only have to use it once a week; if you run the upright once a week, you'll be doing it once a month.It is amazing how much dirt this little guy picks up though.  It does have a problem with rugs and floor mats.  I have to shut the bathroom door because it picked up one of the mats and drug it into the living room.  LOLIt does an amazing job on tile, hardwood and linoleum floors.  Even picks up spilled salt and flour with ease.It is well worth the money though.,Bought this on Prime day and couldn't be happier! This is my first robot vacuum so I can't compare it to other brands but it has exceeded my expectations. I was getting frustrated stepping on litter and cat hair all of the time even with daily vacuuming.This thing is great! The app is a cool feature, I can turn it on anytime easily. It does have some trouble getting back to the charger at the end of the day but seems to be getting better (today is day 6).All in all I am impressed with how much it collects every day! And I am very thankful I no longer have to vacuum/sweep every day. Well worth the money! I would say it's a must own for cat parents!! Also it's been collecting random ants that have found their way inside, which is helpful and hilarious.,Purchased this June 30, 2017, and have not used it a lot.  Yesterday, it was showing that it was charging the entire day.  Then, it beeped 4 times with a flashing red light, then stopped beeping and now a solid red light.  I did everything the manual indicates to do to no avail.  Very upsetting.  HOWEVER, I contacted the company and the Customer Service is excellent.  They recommended I do a couple thing, of which I did, and it still wasn't working properly.  They immediately sent out a new Ecovacs Deebot N79 with a UPS prepaid label for me to return the other one.  I was quite surprised that I didn't have to return the old one first.  Will recommend to anyone.  Very satisfied to date.,I bought it when on black friday sale. I don't know if this is an issue with all robot vacuums or just this brand, but it gets stuck. A LOT. We have forced air vents in the floor and it'll get stuck on these, it gets stuck on the edge of our carpet going onto the hardwood floor sometimes. Sometimes just in the middle of the rug it goes,"I give up." and just starts beeping forever. When it works, it's amazing. I love that it picks up a ton of dog hair around the house. The problem is every few minutes I have to go check on it to see where it got stuck now. I wonder now if I should have sprang for a more expensive model or if they all just have this issue?,I did so much research and read so many reviews about how great this vacuum is and if there were any problems how customer service was so helpful.FALSESomething has changed and my machine gets stuck every 2 minutes in the middle of the room. There’s nothing remotely close to it. Not a rug, not a piece of furniture not a toy, maybe some dirt...that it’s not picking up.I reached out to customer service. I got a canned response “there’s not an easy answer try moving your furniture or the objects it’s getting stuck on”... oh how I wish it were that simple.Don’t waste your money and make the same mistake I did believing all of the stellar reviews. The machine must be different!I’ve read recent reviews and they’re all saying the same thing I am. Run and save your money for a higher priced vacuum that will be worth your investment because this one isn’t.,Had reservations about these things, but at the recent sale price we took the plunge. Totally love it.  Fairly quiet, but this morning we punched the AUTO button on the remote and headed out shopping.  Came back two hours later, it was parked in its dock with a surprising amount of dust in the easily emptied dust bin. Floors are a combo of wood and short-pile carpet, no pets.  Had a little trouble installing the iPhone app, but eventually got it done.,Honestly I had no expectations, only that I have heard people talk about how good these things are. Well, this little robot has completely changed the quality of our bare feet walking on our wood floors.. No more grits and little irritating pieces of crap that reminds you that, "it's time to sweep the floor."According to company specs, our home configuration is well-matched with this model. And it is true. This robot is perfect our home.And guess what, it finds its way back to the charger base station. Yeah, super cool.,I have three roombas and I wanted to give this one a try. Roomba is very heavy and I don’t like to carry it around at home. This robot is a lot lighter and easier to clean. However, due to its light weight, it can get struck on table legs and it doesn’t give you any error message like the roomba (roomba will say something like move roomba to a new location). When deebot gets stuck, the wheels don’t stop running. It’s wasting battery cleaning nothing. It can’t do a good job by itself unless you have a quite empty room. I always need to move it manually. The battery life is not good either compared to roomba.,The evovac deebot n79 has been incredible. We have almost all hardwood floors (with some carpet rugs) and it goes around the house flawlessly. Make sure all cords are picked up before leaving the house and it will be sure to clean and return back to its charging port afterwards.We've had it for 3 months now and it still cleans pretty good but my only complaint is the sensors in the front that makes it avoid crashing are now going bad.. It constantly runs into things.EDIT:bought December 7th 2017--BROKE April 23rd.The robot now just does circles when you turn it on and won't run more than 5 seconds before blinking red. I had reviewed it a 5 first, then 4, but now a 3.. We maintained it very well and still only got 5 months out of it.,This unit has worked very well, no complaints.OK, one small gripe, but I have to take 50% blame on this.  The unit has a small on/off (I/O) toggle switch on the side. When you set it up the instructions tell you where it is and to turn it on before starting.  So far, so good.  But if you accidentally turn this switch off or if the unit happens to run into an object at just the wrong angle it can turn the switch off.  But since the switch is on the side you will not easily see that it is turned off.  When the switch is off, if you push the "Auto clean" button on the top of the unit or push the AUTO button on the remote the unit will flash the top blue light (that goes on when it's running) and then flash red and then beep once.  So even though it's powered off, it still flashes lights and beeps.  And then if you still don't know that the switch is off, and you go to the trouble-shooting section of the manual, it will walk you through several steps to diagnose problems, like unclogging and de-hairing drive wheels.  But the trouble shooting section does not prompt you to ensure the power is on.  I guess they assumed users wouldn't be that dim  :-)  .  So my first call to the Support line did not lead me to the power button, although the Rep was very polite.  Fortunately, a follow up conversation with another Support Rep led me to check the power button... and voila... unit works fine!So, great product, highly recommend, just make sure the power button is on!,LOVED it when I first got it. It works great in my home. Have to clean out dog hair a lot....but that floating dog hair is why I needed it, and that happens with all my vacuums.However, recently it no longer senses when it is "home". When I try to put it away it virtually "attacks" the home base. I can't get it in the home base to charge without multiple attempts of me gently sliding it into position until it beeps. Then much of the time after the beep it starts trying to "go" again. About 1 in 5 times it actually lets me Dock it this way. Somehow it's not sensing it's arrival in position. I've cleaned all the parts that look like sensors, but it's still not working.The vacuum still works for me, but obviously this is a problem I didn't anticipate.,I love this machine. It cleans very well and is pretty easy to set up and use.  For some reason the device is automatically going off at 6 pm each day.  I am trying to figure out how to clear the schedule.  Since I didn't intend to establish a schedule, I am struggling to make it go away.  The range of the remote is limited.  So by the time it takes off and I can chase it down, it takes a while to get it back to the charging station.  I also find it is not always responding to the return to charge command immediately.  The phone app works better as it reaches my entire home.  If the app is not open it takes a minute to connect and instruct the device.  I will figure all this out soon.  No need to buy a high priced Roomba or anything else.  I had those in the past and this device is equal or better in feature and quality.  Great buy at this price.,For the price, it is a good little vacuum. I bought it so that I could run it every day to keep on top of the pet hair - 2 golden retrievers and 2 cats. I've used it for about a week and it picks up the hair and dust from my hardwoods. Carpet (even low pile) slows it down considerably. I only use it to clean the floors in my foyer, family room, and kitchen (about 800 square feet). It runs for about an hour and I do pause it about 1/2 way through the auto cycle to empty the bin. It runs in a sort of haphazard pattern, so that bothers my type-A personality, but that isn't a deal breaker. I haven't used the schedule feature on the app since it has gotten stuck under some furniture, so I feel I need to be home while it is running. It did come on twice - by itself - at midnight and started running, which was annoying. Also, it doesn't clean around it's base - so I have to use my upright to clean that area. Other than those small cons, I am still happy with my purchase.,Love this vacuum, it works great and is a real time saver.  You need 3 feet on either side of the charger and 6 feet in front, who has that kind of space? I put mine in a space not quite that open and it seems to be doing okay.  The only problem so far is that if I hit the Home button it doesn't go home unless it's fairly close to the charger, it just keeps vacuuming. Glad I treated myself to this!,UPDATE 1/9/2018After only two months this thing stopped working. It says one of the side motors is stuck. How on earth a vacuum could get one motor stuck with what is suppose to clean (hair I presume) ? Let's see how it goes with the warranty service.ORIGINAL REVIEWMy daughter named this guy "Candy" (no idea why). Well, Candy is. now another member of the house in charge of the cleaning. So far "Candy" has been sweeping up all our hard floors. The ability to connect to it via an app is really good. We can put Candy to work from anywhere in the world.,I have been using the Deebot on our hardwood floors for a couple weeks.  Tonight my husband says the floors look great-he never notices anything!  He suggested we get another one so we don't have to take it between the first and second floors, but I don't think that is a big deal.It really does a great job.  I used it twice on my floors today.  First time was a full bin and second time was a half full one.  And our floors are pretty clean-no shoes in the house.,I was so happy with this product when I first received it. It ran beautifully and I set a schedule to run everyday while I was at work and then I would manually run it again after dinner each night. My house was clean and I was very pleased with the vacuum. So much so that I bragged about it to my friends and family and several of them purchased the exact same model.  In November it started hesitating transferring from hardwood to carpet, something it has easily maneuvered before. I reached out to tech support and was asked to use a q-tip to clean the three eyes of any dirt. That did not help the issue. Soon the vacuum would only go about a foot or two from the charging dock and shut off. I reached out to support again, with no reply.I was initially very please with price and product, however, the product should be more durable than working just a couple months, or tech support should be more helpful. It was an expense lesson to learn.,Not sure how we survived without this thing. Keep in mind that it works best on hard floors and very low pile carpet. Up till now we had been using a dust mop every few days which left the floor feeling dirty most of the time.Our floors are now the cleanest they have ever been. It also cleans under some furniture (if it can fit). If you set it up on WiFi and sign up for an account you can monitor its status remotely and set up a cleaning schedule. All I have to remember to do is empty the dirt cup when I get home. The vacuum cleans during the day when we’re not around.Works great if you have four legged family members who shed.,I have a Roomba, a Samsung and this Deebot. The deebot is far superior . Quieter , does not bump the furniture, lower profile , runs longer and the double brushes clean better. I like the Samsung for big open areas as it has a huge dustbin , and the Roomba was my first but the bot is definitely superior,It was great! Dog hair was coming out of the wood work and My home looked clean and kept with little effort on my part! Then it ran over some dog poo while I was asleep and just grinded it into the floors and rugs of 3 rooms and now I think it's likely done. Too bad it didn't realize this was a mess left for me. Word for the wise, dont take a nap while I goes on its business.,Works as advertised and seems like a good value for the money. I have noticed a couple of instances where it got terribly tied up when encountering a rug with fringe on it. Might want to bear that in mind when sending it out to clean. As of this writing, this unit is not supported by Alexa, which seems strange.UPDATE: After only a few weeks, my Deebot has developed an annoying tendency to pull to the right about 85% of the time. This is not because it is running in edge mode. After a little back and forth with customer service (I had to send them a video of the behavior), they shipped me out a replacement and a return label for the defective unit. So far, so good. Let's see if this one fares any better.,My wife likes to maintain the house in a clean state so she vacuums almost every day. She  has been so curious about this unit for months. I have been unimpressed mainly because I believed that a wireless and small unit could not do a good job. Boy was I wrong.This robot is just incredible. It picks up dust, hair and other small debris every day.  I still cannot believe how much it picks up everyday. My wife has not touched a vacuum since January 3, when it arrived.We have 2 small children and no pets. We have mostly hardwood floors and low pile carpet. The robot does a fantastic job on each. It can get stuck over cables but that is understandable. It's very quiet. We watch TV at night after putting the kids to bed and the robot goes to work happily. Battery lasts about 2.5 hours which is sufficient.  It's cool that it can be controlled remotely by App if I'm away and want to have the floors cleaned in the meantime.I read somewhere here that the person could not imagine life without this unit. I understand now. The robot takes a real load off, keeps the floors looking great, and the wife is happy. Happy wife happy life.,I LOVE this!! I have 4 longhaired cats, one who sheds profusely (I still love you, Venus) ! I have used this twice now, and it looks like I actually vacuumed my floors. I have all hardwood floors, and the dust bunnies just roll across the floors. This frees me up to do other things, like comb Venus! I purchased this one based on the reviews and the price point. I am amazed how it finds it's way "home"!,If you are interested in a robot vacuum, but not interested in interfacing with your smart home, then this is a good choice.  It senses stairs and other drop offs with no problems, cleans very close to walls, detects obstructions, and the auto feature works to tidy up the area without any problems. It is easy to empty the dust filter, returns to the charging station after cleaning and is very simple to set on a schedule. Interfacing this unit with google home is difficult and the app is not intuitive nor with any explanations. Connecting to the wifi took several attempts, but once connected, running from my smart phone is easy.****UPDATE**** Talking with customer support (easily reached and helpful), THE ONLY UNIT WHICH WILL INTERFACE with Alexa or Google is a OZMO 930. They have no plans to EVER update their app for this model or any other models.,We bought this vacuum to replace our rumba. I love that this has a remote control, but for some reason it won’t go up against the walls or under tables. I do have dark wood floors, so maybe that’s part of the issue and it thinks there’s a drop off or something. I have tried troubleshooting and the only thing that has worked is covering up the sensor so it doesn’t know it’s getting near a wall. Also using the setting where it’s just supposed to go around the wall first has helped. But I just like the performance of the roomba better. I could just turn on and not pay attention  to it., Love it!!!!! 😍. Got it for pet hair on my wood floors.,I didn't even open the box for two months after I got it, but then when I did, I couldn't believe I'd missed out on 60 extra days of super clean floors.  I love this thing.  It has somehow improved my life.  It's not especially quiet, but it's not terribly annoying, either.  It's very effective and mesmerizing to watch (not that I sit here and do that...)We don't have pets, but I do have kids who leave trails of crumbs wherever they go.  And they track in tons of dirt and sand.  Hard floors with rugs, and everything has been no problem for this Deebot.  Easy to move a couple things here or there out of the way so the path is clearer before I start it. I use it every single day and couldn't be happier with the performance.,We named ours Paul. And he is pretty great, I have a Malamute mix who has thick fur and sheds like crazy! If we don’t vacuum everyday we would be living in a hair ball. This robot is by no means a solution to vacuuming. I let him go to see what he was capable of. Not half way through the living room his light turned red and started beeping. He needed to be cleaned. And my god he picked up a lot! It was very impressive, through he only made it through half the living room. I cleaned him up and used a large vacuum for the whole house. I let Paul have a second go and he picked up a lot the vacuum missed. He seems to be  obsessed with one area on my living room. He returns there often but he gets the job done. He had a hard time finding his way to his charger the first couple times but he has got it down now.Overall I’m pretty happy with it.One issue I have is the outer bristles get warped fast. Only used him for one day and they look very used.,Update as of October 25, 2017: Kudos to Evovacs customer service (thanks Cherry!) for reaching out in response to my Amazon review. Today I received a replacement charging cable and that seems to have done the trick as the unit is now charging. Will update further after I get to use it.I want to love it...won't charge! This vacuum arrived promptly, looks great and ran well for the first 20 minutes using the battery charge that came from the factory. However, it WILL NOT CHARGE. I have tried all of the troubleshooting included in the owners manual. We have tried multiple outlets in multiple rooms. I suspect it is a problem with the charging dock itself as the vacuum gives all the signs that it is functional. I'm frustrated that I can't find an actual phone number for customer care. The only thing on the company website under customer care when you select the model you're having difficulty with is the owners manual. I have that. I came here hoping to find an answer to the question. Evovacs, you out there?? I really want to love this thing!,Got it in preparation of getting a cat. Before and after getting our cat, it works great. Tends to get caught on a frilly floor mat, but that can be put away. Keeps floors nice and clean -- I hate having dirt on hardwood floors! I would be concerned that the brushes seem to spin fast enough to whip a dirt particle across the room if it hits it from off center, but the results speak for themselves.If Ecovacs reads these: I wish it worked with Google Home / Alexa!,Don’t waste your money on a more expensive robot vacuum, this one is the way to go. We have two dogs that shed like crazy and this little vacuum keeps our floors spotless. It does great with our throw rugs too, and it almost never gets jammed. We don’t even run it every day!The first deebot we got actually ended up having a manufacturer’s defect and it stopped working on us after several weeks, but the Ecovacs customer service team is so fantastic that I wouldn’t take points off for the mishap. They always responded to our emails within a few hours, and when they couldn’t help us troubleshoot it, they sent us a whole new vacuum and let us return the broken one for free. I would absolutely buy from them again even *just* for the quality of their customer service, but the quality of their products is top notch as well! I’m more than satisfied with my purchase.,I was so excited to get this vacuum. Our entire main floor is hardwood and we have one high pile Navy blue rug under our couch. The vacuum was easy to set up and ran great, the app and wifi connection were very convenient. However, just within 24 hours of having it, it got stuck on our rug multiple times, fully entangling the brush in the rug which will definitely ruin the fibers if it is constantly trying to vacuum it. It also would take 10+ minutes to find it's home. It would go all the way down the hall, in the bathrooms, not even close to the docking station. So sad it didn't work out.,Bought this vacuum back in Nov. with the 2 year warranty, because we have a mini aussie dog that sheds a ton. Works great!...Honestly, could not be happier with this little robot for the price that I paid--even with the warranty. Does way better with the dog hair than I ever expected it to, the reservoir fills up with hair each time we run it, so you can really tell that it is doing the job. I have a 7 month old and a 2 1/2 year old, so our floors really have put this thing to the test for what it'll pick up. It's nice to know that something is getting done around the house when we're at work all day. I really only bring out the big vacuum once a month anymore just for good measure.My only complaint is that the dog hair gets caked around the brush--by no fault of the vacuum. They made it so that you can at least remove the roller and clean it easily enough to get it working again in less than 3 mins. So even there, I can't complain. super simple to use and great bargain for the price.,I am totally impressed with this vacuum. It's been in use for 5 days now and is keeping up with my shedding Great Dane. The amount of hair and dust this thing picks up is crazy. It's fairly quiet and we are able to watch TV while it works. I schedule it for a 5pm run daily and it runs in 8 rooms. It runs for a little more than 1.5 hours and then heads back to its docking/charging station. It got stuck once under one end of a sofa table so I added felt pads to the table feet and it goes right under now. The bin is full and needs to be empty after every use but only take a minute to do.,Update:  Not ready for prime time!!!!! (Dec 31st 2017)Originally I gave Deebot a 4 star rating I have dropped it down to a 1 star.Before I start I want to give my background to give validity of what I am about to say.  I am an IT Professional that works for a large aerospace company.  I also have a cyber security certificate received from a local University in 2016.I have reason to believe that the Ecovacs server has been hacked.  About a few weeks ago my Deebot started activating late at night by itself.  I have never scheduled a cleaning so it is not remembering a previous setting.  It would start up about the same time every night.We now live in a world of IOT's which stands for internet of things.  Many of our house hold appliances are connected to the web.  Alexa and home automation are what is in right now.  Many companies are so eager to get their products to market they have no security protocols to prevent hackers from gaining access to the system.  By law companies are supposed to self report hacks between 6 months and a year.  Many companies wait longer because it will destroy their reputation and people will not buy the product.  Also many times legal actions follow suit.  There is no system in the world that can not be hacked.  There are just things in place that will slow an attack down or mitigate the damage.Ecovacs does not have a 1 800 number for support you have to email them.  In my emails I clearly state that I think their system had been hacked and what security protocols did that have in place.  The first rep did not acknowledge my question and advised to erase all scheduled cleaning.  I explained to the rep I have never scheduled a cleaning.  The 2nd rep told me to hold the auto button down until it beeped to reset the system.  I am here to report that did not work.Hackers like to attack IOT's because they can be used as computer to attack other system.  IOTs usually have very little or no security at all.The Deebot activating late at night was dangerous because it turned my space heater for my dogs toward my wood kitchen island.  My house could have burnt down.Bottom Line:  If you purchase one of these systems do not download the app or connect it to the internet.  If you already have one of these system change your password and rename the deviceFor the money this a very good device but it does have a few flaws that are easily fixed with upgraded software.  I have a very large house.  I was using the unit on the main floor of my house on hardwood floors.  My main floor has a lot of expensive art work that Deebot kept knocking down.  There should be a way that Deebot can memorize rooms, or you can program a room in his memory so he will be more efficient.  This can easily be done with more programing and a possible SD card to hold memory.However Deebot did a pretty descent job cleaning the floor.  It probably got up more dirt than my regular size vacuum would have cleaned.  The installation of the wireless app was painless and it works well in my opinion.  Some people were complaining that it was freezing.  I think they might not have a strong network signal.  I have several range extenders in my house so the signal is strong all over.I finally moved the Deeboot in the kitchen where my Yorkies sleep.  They are always tracking dirt and grass in the house.  Deebot works better in a medium size room with not a lot of obstacles.  It cleaned the kitchen floor nicely.  When I pressed the home button it took over 5 minutes to find the base.  It was stumbling around but eventually found it's way back home.I wold give Deebot a perfect 5 if they upgraded the software to program, remember and name rooms.  This upgrade will make Deebot more efficient and it would keep him form knocking things down. It would know where objects are located in a room.  A camera and additional software should solve that problem.  We have cars that can drive and park themselves.  I don't think is to much to ask of my vacuum not to knocked down my expensive African Art work.Update:  Then clean room setting is a little smarter than auto clean and uses the sensor more than the bump into an object turn around feature.,Four days into using the Deebot N79 and I love it! I've sent it around the house several times a day just to play with it, and each time the bin is completely full of cat and dog hair!  It is easy to clean the bin, and you can see if it sucked up something you don't want to throw out. I like the edge mode the best, because I like systematic patterns. And my house is small enough that there is more edge than center. The random mode is too random, the deebot will spend a lot of time in one area of the house. Also on random it doesn't go to the edges because of its sensors. It does push the plastic pet water bowls over, so I have blocked those off with a chair. My bully cat who picks on the other animals is terrified of it! His sister is curious but cautious, and the dogs don't care. Note that this does NOT make a map of the floor for efficient cleaning pattern, and cannot be programmed to avoid areas. But that's ok for the price.  Also it is relatively quiet, I can easily tune it out.UPDATE one month later - I still love it! And the cats are getting used to it. The spot cleaning mode is great for in front of the litter box. I am buying one for a friend.,Had an old iRobot Scheduler that finally could not get parts for and it’s reliability was always a question. Got hardwood for entire house and wanted this to maintain the floors. Dust bin is regularly full the majority being dog shedding. Run time is better than an hour and a half and hasn’t failed to find and dock at end of cycle. The app and hand remote work flawlessly to guide for specific cleanups. Very impressed with design of this robot and the ease of clean up of dust bin and filters. Quiet running and very little bumping into anything or getting stuck. Need to survey spaces and remove or adjust potential snags and it should become an asset in keeping your home cleaner!!!,I am so obsessed with this little thing.  I can control it via smartphone (without even being on the same Wifi network).  It does a great job cleaning, and emptying the bin on each run is very satisfying.  It is smart enough to make its way back to its charging base each and every time.  We have plenty of hardwood floors and that is where this vacuum really shines.  An amazing value for what you're getting versus the big-name brands you'll see advertised in the media.  Not a ton of moving parts beyond the wheels and brush, so I'm hoping this one is built to last.  Overall this is an amazing addition for your everyday routine housecleaning.,I am very happy with this purchase. The robot moves around our living spaces well and is good at sensing obstacles. It has definitely made a difference in the amount of dirt, pet hair, crumbs, etc. on our floors. It tried to suck up a sock once which obviously caused it to jam up, but it was easy to remove and restart. It is surprisingly good at finding it's base when it's done cleaning/low on battery. I've found that the battery usually lasts longer than I need for cleaning and I use the app connectivity to send it "home". The robot came with replacement spin brushes and filters, which was a great surprise bonus! Would definitely recommend this little robot vacuum!,I love this vacuum- when it works. I had to return my previous one; it stopped charging. I called customer service for the company and they were amazing- sent me a new one. Unfortunately, my new one is having the same issue. I spend more time troubleshooting than it would take to vacuum or sweep. It can get frustrating. I am hoping this is just a glitch and I can get it to recharge, but I am tempted to buy a Roomba at Costco where I know I won't have to wait for a shipment or replacement for 2 weeks. I do really love this vacuum- I have 3 dogs and 3 cats, and it does a fantastic job...when it works.,I wasn't too sure about this purchase but it was on sale. It's pretty awesome. It makes some noise, it's kind of dumb, I need to clean it out after ever time I run it..but I have a 100lb German Shepherd in Arizona and he sheds non-stop, this thing does an amazing job of staying on top of dust/fur clean-up on a daily basis.It can't get in tight spaces and make sure to get any cords it might want to eat off the ground before sending it out.,This little guy is amazing! I researched for weeks before buying this vacuum, and it was everything that I hoped for. I have laminate floors and rugs in my home and it can handle all of it. We have two large dogs and a cat and I don't think my floors have ever been this clean. We used to vacuum every day when we got home from work and even after we were done there would be dust and fur here and there. This vacuum gets it all, my floors are so shiny I don't even need to mop as often because the brushes get in the grooves that my other vacuum didn't. I haven't seen it gets stuck yet. It doesn't fall down the stairs. It gets under my bed and under the couches and find its way out, and then when it's done it goes back to its dock. The only hang-up we have had is when it got ahold of a dryer sheet. Deebo does not like dryer sheets. It isn't very loud so you could have people over or watch TV without really being disrupted if it's running. It doesn't even scare my dogs like we thought it would. If you want a robotic vacuum, I would highly recommend.,My Husband Loves It. With the app it works like a remote control car so you can steer it to your starting place. If you have a spouse that always finds something else to do when it is time to clean. Get a robot. He treats it like a pet. I accidentally dropped a  dryer sheet, got caught in it and it started beeping... You would have thought I injured it.. He could  immediately see from the app it was "Injured" No harm, it easily came out. Love the edge cleaning.. We have 2k feet of hard flooring. If want to clean all in one day. We need 2. Santa may be bringing another along with some traffic cones.,I am in love! Wow, this guy (which is still un-named) has made me so very happy. We have 3 cats and one poodle and our house always  seems to be filled with hair and cat litter. We have bamboo floors, tile floors and Oriental Rugs. Yesterday, I had him work downstairs and today I put him to work in our upstairs. Only one time did he get stuck (under an ottoman in front of our bed). He did a great job vacuuming up every speck of hair, dirt, and cat litter. The house had completely been vacuumed with by hand 3 days ago, it is was amazing how much stuff this little guy picked up!  It is now a joy to walk around barefoot in my house. And, again, I am in love! xoxoxox,This vacuum is great, my wife said that we shouldn't use it today since the house is clean, but I turned it on anyway. After 45 minutes, we couldn't believe the amount of dirt, crumbs and dog hair that this thing picked up. I highly recommend this for wood, tile and low pile carpet,My first vacuum robot, and wow.  I am impressed.  Was originally going with a Roomba but after reading Amazon reviews I ordered up the less expensive and much more favored Deebot.  I have a very furry Golden Retriever and hardwood floors so i simply pick up toys, tip up the chairs ( to allow Deebot to better clean under large tables, and then push Auto.  Off he goes.Out of impatience I ran it the first time with not much hair showing, and it picked up a large, compact handful of dog hair and dust.  Wow!  My plan is to run it every couple of days.  It takes about 2 hours to complete four rooms and a hallway but does its job happily and well.Fantastic!  I've saved a good three hours a week of vacuuming, and that's a huge blessing.,I was a huge critic at first and very skeptical, but I am here to tell you this is such a lifesaver. My son has special needs he's always crumbling up things tearing up pieces of plastic paper anything he can tear up I just got tired of sweeping the floor 5 times a day behind him. And I'm also tired of every time I think my floor is clean I go to mop it and then there's some crumbs somewhere that appear and I have to stop what I'm doing and go sleep again. This get everything up including those dust mites that your broom will not get. I literally will sweep my whole floor get the big stuff out the way, and then put the deebot down and let it roam for about 30 minutes to an hour or until I feel that it's mostly clean or got everything up. And then it's filled with extra Crumbs from food, lent or more dust. And then I'll mop right after that. Most days I don't even have to sweep anymore.,This does exactly what I wanted, which is to function as a glorified Swiffer. It would be disappointing if I had purchased it to completely replace my vacuum, as it doesn't do a thorough job, so you need to be clear what your expectations are in order to decide if this is right for you.I wanted it to clean every day to help manage dog hair and crumbs from my young kids, and take some of the burden off of me for daily maintenance. It has done well with that, and now I only have to vacuum once a week to  ake sure everything is clean.,So far I really like this vacuum. I bought it but was concerned it would not work in our mudroom due to the slate grey tile and black entrance rug but the cleaner just zoomed along right over both. I only used it two days so far but am very pleased. I will update if that changes in time. I love that it goes right under our stove, some of the furniture and the bed. I purchase the product with the realization that I will still have to vacuum regularly but this will be great at controlling the hair from my two cats and dust. We nicknamed our device Darby the household elf and it does seem so eager to please. It even tried to climb up the hearth of our antique kitchen coal stove to clean under there. That alone makes it worth five stars. I have a bad back so bending and moving furniture is a challenge for me. I love that Darby cleans under those areas without much effort from me.,I have always been interested in robotic vacuum cleaners.  However I was never willing to pay the price $500 or more for multi room systems.  It seemed silly to spend $200-300 for single room systems.  I saw the multi room ECOVACS DEEBOT N79 for $199 and was skeptical at first until I read the many great reviews on the N79.  I took a chance and can hardly relate to you how happy I am with this little guy.  The unit was boxed like it was the crown jewels.  Some of he best packaging I have ever seen.  We have a 1600 sq foot house with terrazzo floors.  We also have many thin carpets at all of the entry doors.  Our 2 little dogs have the run of the house and the back yard 24 hours a day via the pet doors we installed.  They bring in lots of sand (Florida) and dirt the floor is always a bit gritty.  The N79 runs all over our house and gets itself in and out of the oddest places I never thought it would go.  The first 30 min we had it running it found it's way behind our large couch and I knew then I would love this thing!  It runs all over the house cleaning every corner including the thin rugs.  It goes under out dinning room table and in and around all the chairs, it even found it's way under my desk chair and after cleaning there out again.  It almost never gets stuck and when it does it beeps to let you know it needs help.  The App works great and lets me control the unit from any room.  I do clean out the collection bin often.  I am always surprised at all the dust, sand and other debris it picks up.  It has a wonderful 3 part filter system.  When you open the collection bin, you see the debris that was collected and the to side has the first filter that is always coated in very fine dust.  I dump the trash, blow off the filter and it is ready to go again.  I also love the way it quickly finds it way back to the base unit when you tell it to.  It also goes back to the base unit on it's own after about 1 1/2 hours cleaning.  I love how the floors are so smooth and dirt free now.  Why would anyone pay hundreds of $ more for any other unit?  You will not be disappointed with this purchase if you have smooth floors like I do.  Note:  Now with our live Christmas tree it is even better now to have this little guy.  Picks up all dropped pine needles from the tree!,After hearing about a friend’s Roomba, I decided to look into this whole robot vacuum craze. I did some research, read product reviews, and this particular brand became the number one contender with a longer battery life and it’s suction capabilities. Total bonus: it’s cheaper than a Roomba! Score!!!It arrived. No problems assembling (literally took the plastic wrap off, put the batteries in the remote, and snapped in the side brushes). I couldn’t wait for a full charge to see how it worked so after 15 minutes on its dock, I released it (with the push of a button) in a house full of cats and a dog that sheds enough for three puppers. Long story short: I’m in love. “Alfred” (that’s this robo-vac’s name now) did an amazing job and even vacuumed under my couches with ease. For wood/laminate/low carpet floors, it’s perfect. Bye pet hair! Bye cat litter kicked about from my precious little heathens! Bye half-chewed dog food that my K9 decided wasn’t as good as the other morsels in her bowl! Alfred took care of it all. Do yourself a favor and buy one of these. Great value. Great product.,This could have been a 5 star review except for a fatal flaw.My first one worked great for 2 months, malfunctioned, their great customer service sent a new one, and 2 months later the same issue recurred. This time I asked for a refund because they told me the issue was (a) not an issue or (b) expected after a period of use (2 months? Come on!).The problem is this: the first couple months this machine did an *incredible* job of avoiding obstacles. Some occasional banging, but generally avoided my furniture, walls, dog, child, feet...I could run it super early in the morning while I was in bed because the lack of banging made it so quiet. It did an amazing job cleaning up my lab’s shedding and traversing two high thresholds. I was in love.THEN...Basically the anti-collision sensors stopped working and it began ramming (and I mean RAMMING at a high speed) into everything, regardless of color, how bright the rooms were lit, etc. as if this want annoying enough, it also caused a cleaning pattern shift that made it useless. When it would thud into something it would do a 180° about-face instead of random angles like before. What this means is that it would bang around across the same cleaning lines for minutes at a time; causing it to miss most of my tiny first floor. Forget it in a hallway, it would bang wall to wall forever until I physically moved it. Between the banging, running onto feet, and the obvious downfall of the cleaning pattern with TWO brand new N79’s I will not purchase again, nor can I recommend it.Other people have had similar issues with this and the N79S. It is unacceptable that the company would call this behavior normal, or suggest it happened due to bumper wear and tear after such a minuscule period of use. I cleaned it daily, the bumper wasn’t scratched, and how would it become scratched if previously it wasn’t hitting anything in the first place.Do NOT buy this machine.,This is my first robotic vacuum.  I just got it yesterday and can't believe how well it is working. I have a very hairy 70 lb dog and finally have found a way to keep up with her shedding! I have hardwood/ linoleum/ tile floors with a few throw rugs and have not had issues with any hang ups . Great price and easy set up too!  You can't go wrong with this little jewel!Update: issue with charging station or battery. I contacted warranty exchange 3 days ago and am waiting on UPS return label I will update again after I receive the new unit. Hopefully I will be able to update back to 5 stars one I get resolution. Update I received Dee 2 yesterday and charged her up.  She seem to be operating well!  So far so good! Updated back to 5 stars!,so, my box came kind opened, and without the batteries for the remote control. I questioned the company about it, they reimbursed me 5usd for the missing batteries, but nothing else.So far the product has been fine, it misses some spots, and I have to move light carpets, otherwise, it gets stuck. It also gets stuck on a chair, so I can not leave it on and go out, because it happens constantly.Oh, and I was never able to connect the app with it - impossible!,Purchased this for use on my first floor which is a combination of berber carpeting and vinyl in the kitchen.  This little unit is able to randomly move around and clean with no problem. It does an excellent job of picking up pet hair.  Since it does move randomly, it's bound to miss some areas on any given cleaning cycle but, if used every day or so, it will keep your floors pretty clean.  I gave it a try in my bedroom on medium pile carpet.  It tended to move more slowly but still did an adequate job.As a side benefit, it provides excellent exercise for my Jack Russel, who follows it the entire time.,It works fine. Easy to control with the app on your phone. The only complaint I have is that it gets stuck a lot. It wedges itself underneath my entertainment center and the cabinets in the kitchen. It also runs up on kids toys or a sock and will get stuck. So it is not set it and forget it. Overall it cleans well if you leave it alone and be patient. It also gets lost and cant find its home and will run out of batteries.,Worked every day since August 2017.  Great dog hair removal and, amazingly, lots of dust even though the floor looks clean.  Upstairs we have over 1,100 sq. ft. of hardwood and a 10'x12' short pile rug.  No problem.  Unfortunately, in mid October, it would just sit in the middle of the floor and spin in circles.  Ecovac warranty folks provided a shipping label and off to UPS it went.  Took a week to arrive in NJ.  Once there, a new one shipped here within a week.  Deebot#2 is at work right now…,We have 2 little Cavalier pups and they shed. I love to vacuum so I really did not think this little guy would be picking up much. BOY I WAS WRONG! After vacuuming, we gave the Ecovac Deebot N79 it's first run of our downstairs. We were shocked after 25 minutes that the cartridge was FILLED with Cavy hair, crumbs, and dust. Since then we have been running it on the daily sometimes twice a day. Every time we take out what looks like a small guinea pig worth of fur. I highly recommend this vacuum cleaner. Not only does it do an excellent job but it is totally mesmerizing watching it navigate our rooms. The pups were annoyed at first but now they don't give it a 2nd thought. TWO things I would love to see: a larger debris cartridge and a mini robot that I can put on my furniture to collect fur! Thanks so much! You will not be sorry with this product, excellent price too!,I call my vacuum Rosy. She is quiet and she is worth every penny. She is easy to operate and she gets the job done. I was so amazed at how many dust bunnies she captured! Her run time is great! I never really timed it exactly but it was exactly as advertised. I Love her so much I bought one for my Mom and she is very amazed by how great a job the vacuum cleaner does. If anyone is on the fence about a robotic vacuum cleaner this is the one you have to buy. This is my first robotic vacuum cleaner and it is the second one for my Mom. My Mom's first one was so noisy you had to run it when not at home and her dog hated it. This one does not bother the dog at all and you can be in the house while it is running. Great product!,We love this machine. Seriously, if you do what it says and make sure the area is semi clear b4 you send your bot off to clean it makes my carpet look freshly vacuumed every single time I come home. We call her Rosie, oh and also she is sturdy both my 1 and 2 year old regularly try to ride it and it just spins them off like a bull and heads out a different direction. We have a 2300 sq. Ft. Home that is 2 stories and she can do the entire bottom story provided there is not too much crap on the floor she has to get around. Then I let it charge 7 hours and take her upstairs and do the same process.,I like the Deebot Vacuum so much I bought two. I bought the first for the main floor of the house. It worked so well that after one month I bought one for the master bedroom. I would like two more, I have a very large house but the two do the job. It's wonderful how clean the floors are with the daily cleaning of the Deebot. Only problem I had was it getting stuck under the couches and bed. Took care of that and now under the furniture is cleaner than ever. The one thing I didn't like is, there are no instructions for wifi and how to use it with your phone. Found what I needed to know from the google box., My husband loves this little vacuum because it saves him hours of house cleaning a week...he loves it so much that he would like to say a word of thanks:I'm very happy with the performance of this product. Being a mechanical engineer I can see a lot of sweat and tears must have gone into developing its flawless operation. Thanks Ecovacs!,This Deebot is nothing short of AWESOME!!!  Goes from short carpet to hardwood with no problems.  Gets under all my bookshelves, club chairs, coffee tables, etc where a normal vacuum does not.  I cant just leave it in a room and close to door and BAM its clean!  When it gets "tired" it goes to its HOME automatically.  Don't forget to clean the it after about an hour or less for max suction.  Stairs, no problem!  It senses stairs and wont tumble down. Love this!!!!,Have really loved this with 3 dogs and 3 cats doing the day to day hair pickup on my hardwood floors. Still you need to do your normal vacuuming on carpet at least once a week which is now one quick run not two or three.Only problem is my roller when I pulled out to clean the one end had broken off no idea where it went most likely in the catch all that you dump.now need to contact and hope company replaces at no charge,I originally posted a 5 star review. If it was solely based off of this being able to keep the house clean, it still would be that. My wife and I have 2 60+lbs dogs that do a fair amount of shedding. When it runs it cleans very well. My only complaint is the problem of it dropping the schedule I am constantly setting it up with. I know this is a small complaint in the grand scheme of the entire operation. It is a nuisance having to constantly reconnect the app and the deebot back to the 2.4GHz WiFi, and re-inserting a schedule. Besides this, it is nearly flawless!,I wish I could give -0, maybe it’s defective?  Maybe all the great reviews don’t have the same expectations that I have, I expected it to vacuum my floors, silly me.It did the same area over and over again, and that was only when I woke it up to vacuum. I set the remote to turn on every day butvit never turned on until I woke it up.Very disappointed!,I have had this vacuum since early December 2017.  It’s a great little vacuum!  Very quiet but manages to fill up the dirt collector every time it runs.  I have talked to owners of other, more expensive brands that complain about not being able to watch TV while the vacuum is running.  Not a problem with the Deebot.  Sometimes when it is in the next room I go and check on it because I can’t hear it.  But its always busy doing its job.My only complaint is lately, it has been running into everything.  I think maybe the sensors have quit working.  It’s still on warranty, so I just emailed support to see what I can do.  If they can get the sensors working again I wlll revise the review with 5 stars!,This robot really gets the job done.  It vacuums for about an hour. You definitely can see the results. The app was easy to set up and shows me the battery status. Lets me program it from anywhere. I just wish it would notify me when the dustpan is full or when it gets stuck which is not often. If you run it every 3 days or every week there won't be as much debris, but the first time, be ready to empty it a couple of times. Goes back to charger when done. I've tried it on hardwood/tile floors and carpet and the results on both are impressive. One less chore for me. I'm very happy with this product.,As a cheap vac I didn't expect much.  It died after less than a month.  Will not charge even if you plug it directly into the unit.  I would say buy something better, even if it didnt stop charging.  It has a completely random pattern, which is completely stupid.  It does a decent job on hard floors, but on carpets it is barely mediocre.  Used an upright vac after this unit ran and still picked up a lot!  Also, it is so dumb, it takes about 10 minutes to find the base once you send it back.  Probably OK for an all hardwood, basically square room.  If you have a complicated room or any carpet, I'd look elsewhere.,Amazing amounts a dust picked up in the first week of use--getting underneath furniture is a great advantage. First model lasted two weeks and stopped (probably clogged with dust inside). Since there are no authorized repair shops, the company replaced it. I am running the new one around--will update review if it doesn't last.I kept my shopping e-mail account free of spam for ten years. Since replacing the Deebot the account gets phishing mails (spoofed to pretend to be from Spotify, Apple, paypal...),With a busy life, two kids, and  a huge black lab who seems to shed more hair than he has, this has become a lifesaver. We named ours Rosie ( Jetson's reference) and she is amazing. We just pulled out all carpeting from our home so now have a mix of tile and hardwood. The dog hair and fine desert dust is picked up in huge amounts ( which makes me realize how much we used to live with in our old carpets, ewww) There are two spots in our house where she gets stuck occasionally - under the bed where there are a tangle of cords and behind the laundry room door but she shuts herself down quickly and waits patiently for us to free her. So wish I had made this purchase years ago, so easy to use, clean, and empty - wish there was one to do laundry!,After having it for a few months now, I feel I can write an honest review.  Performed fine for the first month or 2.  Normal maintenance was kept up, but noticed a significant drop off in battery life.  The company was helpful in trying to resolve the issue and sent us a new battery.  Battery life was mostly resorted, but still noticed the unit not cleaning as well as it had in the past.  We have all tile or laminate, but noticed the unit getting stuck on things (like air vent covers) that it previously had no problems with.  The cleaning quality has progressively gotten worse and it rarely seems to make it back to the docking station for charging on it's own.  Will likely replace within the month for a total service life of less than a half year.,Update: 5 star customer service. They reached out to me after my review and were extremely helpful in getting the issue resolved in a timely manner. Their customer service is hands down the best I have received on Amazon.I was one of those people who fell in love with this vacuum as soon as I bought it (especially considering the price). This product worked well at first. It did a decent job on hardwood floors and low pile carpet around the house (albeit not great, but it was useful for in between vacuuming). Yes, it got stuck on a few things, but that's to be expected with these types of vacuums. However, after 3 months of using (used about 1 time every week), it began making a horrible knocking sound and a very bad squealing sound when operating. So loud that I couldn't stand to have it on while I was home. After 6 months of use, it no longer holds a charge for very long and is basically useless. If you're going to buy one of these vacuums, I suggest going with a more well built product. Don't waste your money on this one. It will last long enough to get a good review, and then fall apart on you.,Does it clean yes, but you have to baby sit it a lot.  It’s erratic goes all over the place in different directions.  It gets stuck a lot.  Some say the higher end ones have a better navigation of the floors.  I don’t know this is my first robot vacuum.,Fantastic vacuum! I was prepared for this vacuum to do a fine job with some help since we have a pantry in the middle of our house so I thought navigation would be complicated for a robot. Not so! This little guy does a great job getting all the corners (perimeter mode), doesn't get stuck much at all and somehow always finds its way home. I highly recommend. I have not tried letting it run while I'm not home yet but I'm sure it would do fine. My kids also love to watch it and my older one (6 years old) loves to remote control it. I am strongly considering getting another one for our upstairs.,Update: contacted the customer service and they responded fast and sent me the replacement, HOWEVER, the replacement I got was totally a joke, it was not only OPENED, USED, and got hair on the main brush, the dust bin still has other people's dust in it , and the side brushes came along were totally torn, (see pictures) , not only that, it was missing the remote, filter..etc.. mine was only used for abit over a month which was even newer than the replacement they sent to me except the defeated sidebrush(which is kinda crazy that it was already defeated abit over a month) , I was so speechless, this is totally ridiculous! 😖😖😖, I feel so insulted!! it's like them saying, oh yours is broken? Here you go, we are replacing it with extra unknown disgusting hair and dusts on it for free.Original: Bought the deebot on Jan-10th-2018, it worked pretty well for a little more than a month, and stopped working few days ago, keep showing the side brush malfunction message on the app , I took the brush out few times to see if anything stuck and there was nothing, even switched to new brush still won't work. it's really disappointing and frustrating to have spent $200+ for something that worked only for little more than a month. :(,Completely love my Winston! (Yes I named it Winston).  He does a great job on my laminate floors and carpet hallway picking up the long dog hair, dirty and my super long thick hair. I let Winston in the bedrooms every once in a while, which are carpet, just to clean under the bed or if I don't have time to vacuum. It's great to have the app and be able to schedule vacuumings, my house always looks freshly sweeped! Thinking about buying a second one for the bedrooms once I switch to all laminate. A second one to really just help out with all the hair.,I have this vacuum cleaner for more than a week now. Initially it won't turn on at all. I called customer service and they immediately offered me a replacement. I thought of giving it a last try by changing the socket and it worked ! Guess I have to get the socket repaired now :-) But I was extremely impressed by the customer service.Performance wise, it is quiter than irobot 6 series, IMO and so far it has been able to find the base even from 20' away. It does a good job in cleaning and is no different than the irobot in this area. The wifi and the remote work perfect.,I love this thing! Easy to use and does a great job. Easy to clean and empty. So quite that you can watch tv or listen to music while it's doing it's job. I was so fascinated with this little robot I found myself just watching it the whole first use. Lol! I wish my Dad were still here. We were talking about these vacuums just before he passed. He'd have gotten a kick out of this little guy. I call him the rug bug. I don't walk real well these days and always felt guilty that things like vacuuming didn't get done as often as they should. Problem solved. Very happy with my purchase.,So let me leave a very honest review as a pet owner of two dogs that shed moderately, be prepared to clean the main brush daily, as if you do not expect main brush malfunction errors, right and left. It is fairly simple to clean, but there is a spot on the end of the main brush on both ends where the hair accumulates heavily, and results in a main brush malfunction. This seems like something that could be fairly easy to improve by the MFG. Other annoying things for me, is it rarely makes it back to the dock, it dies or stops randomly somewhere in the house. We also empty the collector daily, which is extremely easy to do. The auto mode is where it will venture around your house cleaning, I was a little disappointed in the random paths it takes, it will clean the same spot multiple times..the software and sensors don't seem to know if it's already cleaned and area. I am pointing out a lot of the downsides I've noticed since receiving on March 5th, I do love being to relax while the vacuum cleans, but just know going in this thing will take some daily maintenance for most pet owners, if you're going to keep it going.,This little guy is awesome! I was on the fence because it wasn’t the brand we’re all familiar with, but ordered after reading the reviews. I’m so glad I did! I have a mixture of carpet, tile, and linoleum and my Deebot takes care of all of them! I was worried my carpet would be too thick since it says “low pile” but it has done great! The performance is better than my stand up vacuum because the Deebot has pulled stuff up that the stand up was leaving behind. I hope he lasts a long time because I’m definitely spoiled now!!,this thing is awesome!  to be honest i was quite skeptical at first.  did much research blah blah and bottom line is we absolute love it.  we have a dog (main reason for purchasing), the pet hair has vanished.  i don't think we have pulled out the broom since before christmas morning.  no it is not going to get 100% especially in tight corners, but i will take 90% any day of the week.  the tray needs to be cleaned pretty much after every use, the 3 long hairs we have lends to me having to use the cutter to clean the rotor about every third time but  if you no what to expect, i think this product is a no brainer.  it is much quieter than i thought it was going to be, the only honest drawback is that it doesn't work with 5ghz wifi  - hoping this will have a resolution soon., This thing is awesome! I’m just upset I waited so long to buy this. The first 10 minutes it picked up sooo much dust and dirt. I run it once a day to keep the dog hair and dust contained. Just awesome.,Have had it for a little over a month, and have named her Rosie (like the Jetson's).  Yes, I have to empty the container pretty frequently.  No, I don't expect her to do everything, and yes, you have to make sure the path is clear for her. I have been impressed (and maybe a little disgusted?) as heck with what all she picks up on her runs.  With 3 mostly indoor pets (a labrador and 2 cats who shed like mad) this has been SO worth the investment just to keep up with the pet hair on a daily basis.  And it makes me make sure the floors are clear before she runs at night. Win! My husband was worried about getting me an appliance for my birthday, but this one is truly a gift considering how much I don't love the pet hair and lots of hardwood.  (she handles area rugs fine, but haven't really used her in the carpeted bedrooms).,Absolutely love this product.  Purchased in November and in February one of the side brushes stopped working.  Called customer service and they were fantastic.  They sent me a shipping label to return the damaged item and sent me a replacement within days.  It is so great to be able to vacuum while napping or watching tv!  Great item for those who like to multi-task or for those who are too lazy to pull out the big vacuum on a daily basis.  Use this on tile floors, wood floors, and area carpets.  Does a great job and is highly recommended.,Love this little robot. Cleans great! Picks up all the little stuff, pet fur, cat litter, ground cereal. It even picks up the occasional small toy left on the floor. Whenever that happens, it’s easy to retrieve. Emptying the container, maintening the filter and brushes are super easy. We use our vacuum twice a day (2 kids and 2 pets) and our side brushes lasted over 2 months before needing replacing. 🙌🏻 Love that I can schedule when I want it to turn on or do a spot treatment when we have accidents. Recommend this to all of my friends every chance I get. It gets things cleaner than when I manually vacuumed myself. 🤗,So this is my first Robot vacuum cleaner and I must say this is one of the greatest things I've ever bought. I had originally purchased it just after Christmas 2017 as a "house gadget" that I wanted. I just looked at the reviews and decided upon this one. I have hardwood floors with a low pile area rug in the TV room and no pets. One of the things I can collaborate is the "Where the hell did that come from?!?" phenomenon after looking in the dirt bin. We often clean that rug with a regular upright vacuum and this little thing is picking up more from it and around the house. We keep a pretty clean house, but where the huge dust bunnies are coming from when we open the dust bit are what kills us. There are some obstacles it can't climb, most noticeably door sills/saddles to a tiled area of about half an inch or higher, but it sometimes tries and turns in to the little robot that can't and needs to be rescued. Today January 29, 2018, I decided to put it to the ultimate test by taking it and the docking station and having it clean our unfinished basement which is a concrete floor and the most neglected part of the house. So far it got into trouble twice with a small rock jamming the main brush and then getting the main brush full of shredded paper strips. Still, 2 huge dust bunnies and about a pound of dirt collected (dumped bin before fixing issues). What else, this thing can eat pens and anything it can fit into it's hole. It is quiet enough to run at night, if you want. The app for it is pretty basic and not really note worthy. But I can activate it from my phone while I'm at work. If I think of anything else I'll edit.,We were skeptical when we bought this cleaning bot, but what a surprise.  The edge cleaning in the kitchen and hallways gets the hard to pickup dust with a conventional vac.  I turned it loose in the bed room and noting it went under the bed, wished it well as it might never survive the dust attack it was about to encounter.  After about 5 minutes it emerged victorious with a tray full of 2 year old dust.  How we got by before this came into our lives is hard to imagine.  This little dude doesn’t get hung up, for the most part, and performs it’s assigned tasks flawlessly.,I read others' reviews that showed how well it cleaned and I like to think of myself as someone who's very tidy. I usually sweep a few times a day, so i thought I'd give this a go since I have a two year old and a dog (minimal to no dander) and mainly hardwood flors...one area rug. Well, it worked fabulously. I couldn't believe how full it was on the first run, since I had vacuumed/swept/and mopped the night before. I ran it in the AM the next day and it worked very well.My only complaint is that it doesn't keep very good track of where it's cleaned and where it hasn't, but I have to disclose that I had it all over my downstairs which is almost one big room, so there are a lot of divisions and furniture to throw it off.,Update 3/26/18  I'm still waiting on my vacuum. Do yourself a favor and get the irobot. A few extra bucks for a machine that actually lasts...of course!! Now, I just have to save my pennies again for a robot that really works...  No stars for this one.Update 2/27/18  ------  The company reached out to me to replace the charger but the vacuum completely stopped working in the meantime.  I let the company know, they emailed me back on 2-15 asking me for some info before they sent me a new robot.  I am still waiting on this new robot and will update this review if it comes.  SO far, customer service has been good, I just wish this vacuum had lasted at least a year for the money it cost...Received this vacuum on Sept 19, the base charger no longer works. The vacuum will still charge if plugged directly in. The vacuum works well but does get stuck on pretty well everything. I have no rug fringes and no cords out so it is pretty aggravating to not be able to walk away and just let it clean. Other than that, it's a pretty good little vacuum.,Life changer! I have carpet all over my apartment and vacuuming it used to be a pain because regular vacuum didn’t remove all the dirt. This little robotic vacuum just does the work right! I don’t have to worry about my carpet getting dirty anymore because I can get the robot to clean it for me anytime I want. It also doesn’t make much noise, making it easier to use at night not causing any disturbance to the neighbors. Highly recommended!,Only had it 2 days but love it so far! Much quieter than our old Roomba, and much more efficient. I love that I can schedule it to clean while I'm at work. It seems to be holding a charge for 1.5-2 hrs, which is a vast improvement over our old Roomba that can only work for about 30 minutes these days. We have a toddler and 2 cats that shred tremendous amounts of fur. It is doing an excellent job of keeping the floors clean. I would definitely recommend this to friends/family. If anything changes in performance, I will update this post.,I bought this particular vacuum because of the Wirecutter’s recommendation. It works well on my carpet, which is a plus. Unfortunately, “Bertie,” as she’s named in my app, gets caught under everything. Or on things? I have her run in the morning and in the evenings and in the nearly week I’ve had her, she has been unable to return to her dock on her own. I’ve had to locate her, usually under a couch or the refrigerator and return her to the dock myself every single time. I guess I thought the bot would eventually learn the layout. Perhaps a higher end model would do this? It also doesn’t run for very long before it has to recharge.For the price, it’s not bad. It definitely picks up a TON of debris. I just hoped for a little bit more from it since it was recommended by a site I trust.,Works very well, just as advertised. I bought this for the dog hair and other things that accumulate between vacuum times. My wife is obsessive about vacuuming and this reduces the frequency it needs to be done. Works very well on hardwood and regular carpet. We have a very long pile rug that it sometimes get stuck on, but usually avoids it. Our house is so open, we basically let it wonder, and it does a good job. We have been impressed with how much it actually picks up and it holds quite a bit. For the price, I was really expecting to find it much more limiting, but that has not been our experience at all.,I love this little robot. I have had a difficult time vacuuming since I injured my neck and shoulder a couple of years ago, and it bothers me to have to make my kids do pretty much everything. This little robot lets me "do the vacuuming" and my kids be kids a bit more. We love this thing. It does a great job on both the hard floors (hardwood and vinyl) and low carpets. We have a very fuzzy cat, and the DEEBOT gets that cat hair out of the carpets and off the floor. It also does a fantastic job at edge cleaning (one of my pet peeves).Thank you for making a great product that is much more affordable than the main competitors.,I love my Deebot!!!!!!!!!  My mom, my friend and I all bought one during Black Friday and all of us think it’s fantastic!!!!! I had a Roomba years ago that I hated, it was loud, it didn’t vacuum well and I ended up returning it, so I was a little apprehensive about robot vacuums but I’m sooo glad I changed my mind and bought the Deebot N79!  It is quiet and does a GREAT job of vacuuming!  It evens vacuums my area rugs just as well as my shark upright vac!!!!  I haven’t installed the app or tried to use the remote, I just push the button on the vac and let it go.  My cats don’t mind it and I’m always surprised at how well it picks stuff up.  I empty the canister every time I use it and shake out the filters and take the brush roll out to cut out all the hair to keep it maintained but I love that you can even buy those parts in a set for cheap to replace.  A great vacuum, MUCH better than a Roomba and I’m so happy I purchased!!!!  And my mom and friend feel the same!,I started with a Eufy Robovac 11+ but had difficulty getting it to perform as I expected, so I returned it and ordered this Ecovacs Deebot N79, based upon reviews by Consumer Reports and user reviews. Except for one thing, I like this vacuum much better. It is very quiet, it has a large dust bin, and it works quickly. My only difficulty is in the fact that thus far I've not been able to get it to follow a programmed schedule. I very much appreciate being able to monitor it with my smart phone. All in all, this is an excellent product.,If you are like me, and don't usually vacuum, you will love this.  We run it practically everyday to sweep up dog hair.  It works great.  The only negatives are that the debris bin is small and needs to be emptied after every use and the brush needs to cleaned of dog hair daily.,This little vaccuum seems to of high quality. It has exceeded my expectations as far as how much it does. True that it does not learn the rooms but at $200 this is a good price for a great product. It comes with estar set of rotating brushes and filters.,Pretty happy at first, however it soon started getting very noisey and makes a clicking noise the whole time it's running - I think it's the wheels wobbling as all of the brushes are fine and cleaned out regularly. It takes quite a few passes to get everything and lately seems to be leaving clumps of dog hair behind so I don't think the suction is very strong. I also had issues getting the Wi-Fi and app to connect, which isn't a big deal for me since I am fine starting it manually. It is pretty good at sensing where to turn and can maneuver from the hard wood to area rug and back well.,When the robot wants to clean it does a very good job. Will run for two hours and does great on dog hair. But he likes to work about every other time that I ask him. The other times he will spin in small circles and stop. If I spray the sensors about three times with canned air and check that there isn’t any other issues I can get him to run that day. But I can’t just start it and walk out the door because I don’t know if he feels like working today or not!,When this product worked, it was great.  It was quiet, picked up all our dog hair, ran well over our large rug and hardwood floors....HOWEVER, the times this product ran properly were slim to none. I had this product about 1 month and it malfunctioned and would not run.  It would leave its docking station, spin in circles and return home after about a minute.  I called Deebots (who are impossible to get a hold of over the phone --- always email), and a girl troubleshot with me over the phone and told me in the bumper and I needed to send it back for a replacement.  When my replacement came, it worked a few days and would not hold a charge.  It would sit on the charger for 24+ hours and die after 1 min. I finally sent it back and asked for a full refund.  I'm really disappointed because there were great reviews.  I gave it 2 chances and gave up.,Works pretty well on my carpet.  I have a cat so I use it for cat hair.  Because of its round shape it will not go completely into a corner.  You must go around your house unplugging cords and picking up things that could possibly get in the way of the Vac.  I also found it easier to direct its path by the arrow keys because it takes longer to let it clean an area on its own.  I mainly use it in between regular vacuuming with my upright Vac. It won't always pickup very light weight items like plastic from hardwood.,This thing picks up so much pet hair that I’m in love, seriously considering buying it a wedding ring if it keeps my floors looking so good. Yes it gets stuck sometimes and yes I have to empty the trap after every use, but its completely worth it. I get to come home after work and run it while I watch netflix. No more dust bunny tumble weeds blowing around my house because Im too tired to haule a stand up vacuum out three times a week,First off, let me say this vac did a good job at picking up dust and pet hair on hardwoods, but that's the only thing good I can say about it.  Here's a list of deficiencies.1.  It wouldn't connect to the wifi on my phone.  I don't believe it's compatible.2.  The robot couldn't find it's way back to the charging base...even if it left there to begin the cleaning.  I usually (after 10-15 minutes) would go pick it up and put it back on it's home base.3.  The schedule function didn't work.  I had multiple times where it would just start up in the middle of the night.  And when it would be time for it to work on it's scheduled time it wouldn't.  And yes the clock was set correctly on it.Ultimately I decided to return it and go with a better brand.,I have three dogs and don't usually vacuum everyday.  Between the hair and debris they track in it should be done daily.  This amazing little gem is a chore saver! My regular vacuum is fantastic so when I charged this little bot and turned it loose I wasn't expecting the haul it gathered.  It ventured into places I'm not visiting on a regular basis and literally cleaned up...not once but twice!  I'm sure it'll find more but on the third day it got caught on a speaker cord (which the instructions clearly tell you to secure).  It even picked up one of those little glass gems left behind under my entertainment area by one of my little grandloves.Let's face it this isn't an item you "need" but I'm here to tell you it's making a difference in the quality of my life. Imagine a dust bunny free life.  Seeing the sun shine on your beautiful hardwood floor with no pieces of whatever sitting there like a celebrity in a spotlight clearly screaming what a horrible housekeeper you must be.  Also, it's clean enough to run a mop across it and BAM done!Yes I love this product! Yes I would recommend this to all my loved ones! And mine came with a 25% off coupon for a one time purchase of accessories.  Perfect world!,I've had this deebot for only a few months and it stopped charging. I have cleaned it properly and watched a LOT of youtube videos on how to fix it any nothing works... I put it on the charger and it beeps so that is basically telling you that its charging and just after a few minutes each time, it just stops and the light goes off. When it did work, it was great! it was awesome that I could come home and start it up while I do everything else that I need to. I have to give it two stars just because it doesn't even work anymore...,Never thought I would be able to afford one of these, but thanks to a great deal and a Christmas amazon gift card I could!I was hesitant, as I have 1 dog and 1 cat (and two messy men) in the house, I didn’t think it would keep up!I was pleasantly surprised! It can fit under our couch, squeeze and navigate under the dinning room table, and has no problem going from the wood floors to the area rug!Plus, because of the air filter built in and it reaching places I wouldn’t every get, it has really cut back on my allergies.The only down side, is there’s an app that was created to assist with the ECOVACS that is so troublesome I haven’t been able to get it to connect to the ECOVAC. Though from the reviews on the app, this is not out of the ordinary.Minus the faulty app, the vacuum itself is great deal for the price.It doesn’t work so well on thick carpet, but I didn’t really expect it to. Little thing can only do so much.Loving it! I’d recommend this brand to anyone looking to invest,I waited for six weeks before writing this review, in order to give the machine a chance to prove itself.What an amazing piece of technology! It works almost perfectly, provided there are not too many obstacles in its way. Very thorough cleaning wherever it goes.Alas! It gets clogged up in lightning speed, if you have our kind of dog: an Aussie (long, abundant hair). When you hear distress signals, it is too late. It means that the brush is entangled in hair that can only be removed with a knife, The first time it happened, I had to open the brush compartment with a small Phillips screwdriver in order to access otherwise inaccessible solid "ropes" of hair at each end of the brush. Now I have learned my lesson: I clean the brush before it has a chance to choke. Not a pleasant job.If it were not for the above reservation due to personal circumstances, I would recommend this product enthusiastically. I am sure that engineers who designed it are savvy enough to come up with an improved design.,Not gonna lie.  I just bought a 2nd one for my sister.  Love this thing so much.  I have 2 elementary aged boys and a dog with a shedding habit.  My floors are CLEAN.  It goes from my hardwoods to rugs easily and is very good about telling me when it needs to be serviced.  Cleaning the machine itself is very simple as well.  I do recommend that you run it the first few times while you are at home, so that you can learn what kind of things get it hung up.  And the battery needs to recharge about every 2 hours.  But I don't even care.  MY FLOORS ARE CLEAN and I DIDN'T HAVE TO DO IT.  The End.,This has made my life so much easier.  And I when I found that this product had a lot of good ratings, then I can now I agree with that.  Because in a few days of use, this little mini vacuum has definitely cleaned up a lot.  And just so you know, this is an actual vacuum, with actual suction.  Mind you it might not be a powerful as the other more mainstream ones, but it is good enough to really get a lot of dust and grime and other dirt off you floor.  I am very satisfied with this product and I would easily recommend it to anyone.,I’ve only had it for a week or so, but so far it’s been working great. I bought it mainly for pet hair (a short-haired dog who sheds like crazy and 2 cats), and it’s working really well for that. It does get stuck sometimes.. but usually can get itself out if you tell it to start cleaning again. I’ve been using it mainly on hardwood and tile, but have used it on carpet and it does well on carpet too. It saves me tons of vacuuming and I’m really glad I went with this one!,Waited a month before writing a review. Read a lot of the reviews before we bought the robot. 1 month in and he works great. Have a black lab who sheds everywhere, and the little guy gets it all. I let it roam between 4 connected rooms. 2 have wood floors, 1 tile and 1 with short rug. I can tell the rugs slow him down so might present a problem for rooms with higher rugs or bigger rooms with rugs. But on the wood and tile he works great.  We have tables and chairs in dining room and kitchen and so far has not gotten stuck. Also like that you can get replacement parts and it comes with some.  Great price for this bot,I purchased one of these to help keep my pit bull's dog hair in check.  I was not disappointment, I am amazed that after using my regular vacuum how much I clearly miss.  I have been so impressed I have purchased 3 more for Christmas gifts this holiday season.  It works great on hardwood floors and getting over little bumps between rooms.It has gotten tangled in some wires and guitar cords and stands on the first time I used it, so I made sure to clear out the floor the second time.I gave it 4 starts because I have been so impressed with how well it cleans and the length of the battery power as I also use this on my carpeting.  The missing star is because I can't seem to get the app to work on my telephone.  I have been very happy with my purchase.,We’be been using it for a month and I am in love. My husband has wanted a robot vacuum for years, but I never thought we needed to spend the money and that our cheap-o stick vac and Swiffer was fine (we live in a small New York City apartment, have hardwood floors, no pets, no kids, and are generally clean people). No idea where all the dust comes from, but this little guy fills up every. single. day. This photo is what was picked up in one day after I had dusted, dry swiffered, and wet swiffered the night before...and after the vacuum, that we named Al (like you can call me Al) had been running daily for a month. AMAZING!!! Be prepared to empty it every day. And it gets stuck sometimes under chairs but the battery will shut off if this happens so you can turn it back on later to finish the cycle. It is so wonderful that I had no hesitation telling my husband I was wrong and he was right and we should have gotten one years ago. GET IT!!,I am glad my husband purchased the ECOVAC DEEBOT N79 for me. This quiet little helper even gets under the kitchen table and chairs! I have to say my kitchen floors have never been so dust and crumb free.DOWN SIDE:  I can't use the mobil app because it won't  connect to my wifi even after I followed the direction in the manual. I went on line to check for further instructions. wifi has to be 2.4G because the bot can't use anything other than 2.4G or switch the wifi to the ECOVACS_8644 which only shows up sporadically at best and doesn't stick around long enough to allow the app to connect with the bot. Further instructions are to go into the network settings and change this and that. I am not a person who is knowledgeable or comfortable enough to even think about trying this.,Easy to figure out.  Only had it about a month, but already love it.  Thought I had a clean house, but it traveled under furniture that my traditional vacuum never fit under.  The amount of dustbunnies and hair that it picked up from the wood floors under the furniture & beds was amazing!  It was fascinating to watch it travel about.  Now every couple days I run it just to keep the floors spotless.  If you're on the line about whether or not to get one......do it!  I imagine that it would be great to get all that dust out of the room for anyone with allergies (can't believe I was breathing all that dust).  I also have some low pile carpet that it goes right onto and vacuums.,We were on the fence about whether or not to buy a robot vacuum. Our house is all hardwood floors, and it seems like they stay constantly dirty. In addition to the dirt we drag in on our feet, we have three cats who seemed to have made it their life mission to evenly distribute litter throughout the house. I love having this little vacuum to keep the floors clean. We run it once a day, and now I can walk through the house barefoot without gathering a bunch of debris on them. Other reviewers have said it, but this is definitely an items that I wasn't sure if I needed it, but after owning one I can't see myself living without it.,A bit about me:I have been on the market for a robot vacuum for quite some time.  I've looked around at Roombas and all the other widely recognized brands but could never find something (even used) that seemed to be the right price point.  I have a dog and cat in my house and it tends to get a lot of gravel and ash from the fire and walkways.  The house itself is several rooms, but the large living room sees the most debris and flith with a combination of hardwood and area rugs throughout.I picked this up on a sale and it arrived quickly as expected.  The packaging it came in fit perfectly for the device and was very 'high end' in my opinion.  Setup instructions were easy enough and I let it charge for a few hours while reading through the manual and setting up the app/wifi.  The app has most of the functions of the remote control and serves as a easy way to control it from the couch.  It also lets you name your robot and I eagerly set mine up as "Spot".The first task I set Spot out on was just throwing him into automatic mode and letting him have his way.  I watched as he wandered around in a seemingly random pattern before going to check out the walls.  I didn't think I would connect emotionally to a vacuum, but Spot is pretty cute wandering around.  Once Spot was finished in a few hours (despite me excitedly checking up on it when I could) I was shocked as to how much dirt and dust it had accumulated.  It really really sucks, especially for how quiet it is!  The bin seemed a bit small for the first runs, but eventually I realized that with regular cleaning it was more than enough.I do wish that there was a mode to restrict it to a singular room, however, I've gotten to the point I'll put a small blockade in the way to prevent it from wandering too far.  I'll repeated this procedure for each room I want to vacuum, though based on my tests with the "return to charger" function, I have little doubt Spot wouldn't make it back home after a long afternoon cleaning unrestricted. And while we're on navigation, I should mention that Spot does have a habit of finding cords to get stuck in.  Sometimes he can make his way out, but once he realizes he isn't going anywhere, he cries for help with a series of beeps and I move him back on his way.Spot has done an amazing job in cleaning out nearly all the tasks I've thrown at it, including dust, fur, large chunks and debris, and anything else.  I honestly can't think of when I'll need to pull out the manual vac next after seeing the results of consistent weekly cleaning from Spot.  I strongly suggest this robot for anybody with light-medium cleaning duties that don't need all the bells and whistles that robots 2-3 times the price have.  My Spot does a stellar job for a vacuumPros:-Thorough cleaning-Handy app and functions-Good navigation and return to home-Easy to maintain, clean, and serviceCons:-No restrictions to single room.  You'll have to set them up yourself-Bin is small for big jobs, but handles weekly cleaning fineVerdict: A perfect entry level robotic vacuum.  After a long serach, I have no regrets, and am happy to have Spot here with the family.,GREAT device ... wish we had bought it a long time ago.  We have hardwood floors and a basset hound that sheds and leaves a daily pile of dog hair "dust bunnies" ... almost impossible to clean this up with dust mop, broom and conventional vacuum.  With the Deebot N79, however, the "bunnies" have all but disappeared.  We run it every morning and collect a tray full of hair ... the house floor looks great and the wife is HAPPY !!  Couple that with the fact that we bought it on sale just before Christmas and we are more than pleased with its performance.,(I am I'm writing this review in comparison with Hoover Rogue) We purchased this product with high hopes for its small profile to reach under the cupboards, an area where our previous robotic vacuum could not reach. Unfortunately, that was the only success it displayed. It could not navigate successfully around our home; it frequently bumped into furniture of all colors, shapes, and sizes; it missed half of the house, while successfully cleaning one area repeatedly 8 times. I tried the multiple cleanings settings, but found the same results. It misses half the space. Overall, this robot is not very intelligent. I really wanted to love this vacuum, but it will be going back.,I've been looking at robot vacuum cleaners for over a year but had a hard time justifying the price. When I saw this vac in an article as one of the top 5 robot vacs on the market. When I looked on Amazon and saw it was Amazon's Choice for only around $200 I was sold.We have two short hair dogs and the first few times we ran the vac we were surprised at how much it was picking up. Living in AZ we are constantly dealing with fine brown dust. We run the vac 3 to 5 times a week to stay ahead of the dirt.At first we tried using the scheduler, but we were forgetting to block the entrance to our bedroom to keep it out. I just roll up a bath towel and place it across the doorway and it doesn't enter. Simple, but effective. Now I just use the remote to start it as I head out to run or bike. The dogs aren't bothering by it and just step around it as they need.It's gotten stuck a couple times under the dinette table but that's expected with all the chair legs. It has no problem getting up and over the tried rug in the kitchen and does a remarkable job cleaning the rug.I've recommended this vac to several friends. It is a tremendous value and out performs my expectations!,I have used this for 3 days now and am absolutely delighted at its performance so far. It picks up cat hair, my hair and cat litter like a champ. Actually went into a room with very thick pile carpet, forgot to close door , and it worked great! Bought for my dark cherry hardwood floors and tile and can't believe how much cat fur is in dust bin as well as litter and other stuff. Very easy to operate and great instructions. Had to pick up a few items and block a few places and it just does a great job. Would like to know where to buy an extra dust bin if anyone knows. Have asked the seller the question. Wish I had bought this sooner, add on TV had me looking for one. Amazed that my cat who is afraid of her own shadow is fine with it!,Much like many other reviews, I will agree that this is a very quiet machine and it is truly eye opening to just how much stuff this little guy picks up on a regular basis. The app is quite simple but i tend to just let the bot do it's own thing which seems to work just fine. I have had this item for about 2 weeks thus far and still runs great. I have some thicker carpets in my house and it does just fine getting up on them and cleaning them up. I have a pretty open layout in a 1600 sqft 3 bedroom apartment in the city, and this guy is able to do the whole apartment in 1 battery charge and then quietly returns to his home when he needs a charge. Great buy so far,I purchased this item with great trepidation.  We have two small dogs that shed and leave a bit of hair everyday. I was concerned over the ability of the Deebot to prevent clogging of the hair. I am here to report that it performs magnificently against the dog hair, and everything else for that fact. It runs everyday for about 90 minutes and covers our entire first floor (two bedrooms, two bathrooms, kitchen, utility, foyer and great room).  Picks up all loose dirt and hair from the dogs and keeps everything generally clean.  It does occasionally get caught on something and doesn't make it back home to the dock, but no big deal.  Just pick it up and set it on the dock for recharge.  I have reduced the duty schedule to every other day from everyday because it does such a good job.  It does have some suction, not just brush power. The price is great compared to many of the expensive competition that seem to have many issues. I have been using it for a month without any issues. Al in all  I would recommend this to anyone.,Only had it for a day but so far so good. It picked up a lot of dust and cat hair during it's first run. Drop detection works well helping it avoid plummeting down the stairs. I did a lot of research before choosing a robot vacuum and this model was given phenomenal reviews across the board. If my opinion changes I'll be sure to post a revision but for now I am very pleased with the robot and the price.,I have wanted a robot vac for quite sometime but couldn’t bring myself to pay 600+ for a roomba.  I saw this little guy advertised on Amazon and then saw the price and thought “why not try it”.  I am so glad I did! It arrived yesterday.  I worked late so  I got it set up but didn’t have much time to run it by the time it charged. This evening I finished work before the sun went down so got home in time to try it out.  it is fun and my 9 month old kitty thinks so too.  It cleaned the floor well both tile and carpet.,It doesn't work well for my house.  There is no way to block it off from areas because it does not recognize any magnetic strip like my old one did.  The worst thing it that it has trouble staying connected to the charger and  holding a charge.  It will correctly connect to it but somehow it then it somehow moves away enough so that it looses charge.,I think mine still works.  I have long hair which keeps getting wrapped up in the main brush, and my kids leave their socks everywhere and this little beast will try to suck those up and end up with a main brush malfunction(easy fix, pull the sock out and send the little guy on his way). I haven't had it try to suicide down the stairs yet that I know of.  The app and the dual brushes that move debris in front of the main brush for the price is why I went with this one.  I hadn't used it for a few months and I turned it on the other day and it seems ..quieter... idk if I broke it or if it's still working and it's just me. But it doesn't sound as loud as I remember it.  Still sucks though so owel.,I was going to wait before writing a review on this item but I absolutely love it! We have no pets and I run our Shark upright every couple days. After showing my husband the Deebot bin he couldn’t believe it and said he never sees that extra dirt/ dust. Sure it gets stuck occasionally in tight places...but who hasn’t. ☺️ I caught myself talking to it and it even followed me into the bathroom! It ran for 2 hours on the charge then went to its charger. The only problem I’ve noticed so far is I can’t get anything else done due to watching “Rosie” do my most hated housework!,Purchased and received within a week.  As soon as I received it I tested it.  OMG its amazing.  I do not have anything to compare it to except the traditional vacuum.  It is so amazing.  It picked up everything including an envelope.  LOL, I had to take that from her.  She docks herself properly.  The only time she did not go back to her docking station is when she vacuumed up a sock.  The suction is fantastic.  Yes this is a female!  Great buy,,I gave it a reasonable amount of time to learn the house, but this model did not do as good as the N78, it never has covered most of the house, and kept going in circles and getting stuck near my dog's bowl. It would just keep going round and round until I moved it, but again wanted to go back in that area (frustrating). I liked the N78 better but that one came with a defective remote control; so I had to send it back, there was no other option. Sigh... I love the idea, but need to find the right one for us. Still looking.,So far so good. I have had this for 3 weeks now and I have been amazed by how much dirt this thing has picked up and overall has worked pretty good. I was hoping that I could have this vac clean when I am not around but it gets stuck too much. I have floor vents for my heating ducts and this thing gets stuck on them all the time. It has a very interesting random path which ends up vacuuming the same spot several times when I have been watching it but I love the remote control function to make sure the vac gets the areas I want it to get.,This vacuum is somewhat of a joke. I know everyone is buying them so I fell into the trap as well.  My living room is 14 x 30, it make a couple passes then heads down the hall the office (12x12) clear in the back of the house.  It rarely gets to my kitchen area. I have an open floor plan and actually closed all the bedroom and bathroom doors so it would concentrate on the most used areas.  When it is done, I have to get out my hand held vacuum and go over all the missed "Open" areas.  Don't waste your Money!,We are building a farmhouse and friends suggested that we get one of the fancier automatic machines.  We saw the Deebot and read the outstanding reviews.  It was significantly less and to make things better...  it was on sale for Amazon Prime Day.  We have been very pleased with this.  We have a tremendous amount of dust and the Deebot takes care of it!,This is my first autonomous vacuum, and so far, I absolutely love this device! We have low pile carpet, but lots of different textures (rugs with fringe, shoes and shoelaces, etc) and so far it's been great. The one thing it has a little trouble navigating is cords (like extension cables) but we didn't have a ton of patience to see if it would learn. It might be able to in the future. The floor hasn't been too dirty so we haven't done an extreme test, but I'm very happy so far.Pros so far:-Easy set up. It was intuitive to put together, and it came with backup brushes and a filter. We didn't quite follow the order, but were able to go back and reconnect it to wifi without a fuss.-Perfect height to go under furniture. It zooms under the couch and cleans underneath it, and can just go back and forth without a problem. When it gets stuck, a red light comes on and it turns off so it's not wasting battery.-Knows where its charging port is, and will take itself back. Have not fully explored the wifi capability, but the remote is also very intuitive--I was able to set the time without looking at the instruction manual.-Very quiet. We still have a bigger vacuum just in case of intense mess, but having this little dude putter around behind us is perfect for crumbs and general dirt.-Lots of space on top to glue googly eyes on. (Note: that may void your warranty, I haven't checked, but it needs to be said).-charming personality,I bought this vacuum based on the great black Friday price and the high reviews.  I already own a Roomba that I use at my primary residence and I bought this vacuum for my cabin.  I cannot believe how quiet this vacuum is.  I set it on auto and let it run and I could barely keep track of it because it is so quiet.It did a great job picking up dust,dirt and dog hair and even picked up a large framing nail I accidently dropped under a couch.  I like this vacuum so much, I am thinking about buying another one to replace the Roomba I bought from Amazon last year on black Friday.,We really enjoy having this unit. Must admit that my expectations were somewhat moderate and a little skeptical, so the performance of this unit has performed beyond what I thought. We have two pet dogs and neither is bothered by it, and it will avoid then if they are in its way. We ran it every day for the first week because it was picking up so much stuff (sometimes two ties a day). We have carpet, tile, and wood flooring and it can traverse all of our flooring. It goes back to the docking station when low on power or full, so I have been surprised it works most of the time. We have found one time it sucked up a bag we had on the floor and it halted because it locked up the roller. Another time it got stuck going up base of a fan - so out of over 25+ runs it did not get back to the dock station on 2 of them.  What we notice now - carpets look cleaner, hard to notice the pet hair, you look under the bed and it looks great - same for under dressers, night stands, end tables, and entertainment centers.Again - want to set expectations - this unit is not perfect as I would assume with any robotic vacuum, so it will not function the same as if you break out the vacuum and clean the entire house yourself. Still, it does a good job and I do not feel the need to sweep or vacuum since I have had it.,Love this little devil. Researched them for quite some time and finally pulled the trigger and got the N79. I have hardwood floors, two cars, and a dog (a German shepherd/husky mix) and it's just a recipe for disaster. I've had the vacuum for about 2 weeks now & its heaven sent. It fits under my couch so now there's never dust bunnies underneath it that use to make their way out from time to time. The remote isn't that great though, you have to angle and point it directly at the bot for it to work, but the app remote is awesome! You could be in another room and sent it back to the charging dock. Also, from all the hair I did recently have to thoroughly clean all of the brushes under it & was somewhat complicated bc it wrapped around the ends and really worked its way into the bristles. All in all, took about a half an hour to get it completely cleaned out (partially my fault bc I didn't think to check it).It does get caught on shag rugs & cords that are on the floor, I have to pick those up every time before I run it.,This has been a game changer for me.  I hate vacuuming, and with a yellow lab and hardwood floors, you can imagine the results. Basically a mat of hair.  Not anymore!  This sucker works great.  Took my dog a couple days to get used to it.  Now I just run it when I leave the house, almost daily.  I wish it held more hair and dust, but it's fine.  Great results for the price!,A must have for shedding dog owners.  I have used this on an almost daily basis for past 3 weeks.  I am thrilled with it and amazed how much dog hair is picked up.  It can get stuck on carpet edges but it does go under my coffee table.  I didn't download the app because it wanted access to my contacts etc.  I recommend it to anyone who listens.  Dogs were interested in it for a couple of days but now ignore it.,I spent a week or so contemplating this purchase.  I have owned at least 3 Roomba's over the past 13 years but I wasn't in the mood to spend the extra money this go round.  I think what I am loving most is Rosie's slimmer design allowing her to fit under almost all of my furniture.  I had an ongoing midnight battle with her when she kept going to work, as the programming was getting the better of me.  Now that that is under control, I am impressed by the amount of stuff she picks up.  The cleaning brush is a bugger to clean, it must be my thicker carpet that is to thank.  Her cliff sensors works properly but my decorative heat register vents gets the best of her and she gets hung up not knowing which was to turn to get away.Overall, I am satisfied with my purchase and like having the appearance of vacuum marks more frequently than once a week.,I have two black labs that shed like crazy. I sweep constantly plus go over with a vacuum cleaner after. I seem to spend all my time sweeping up hair so I saved up my money to purchase this little guy. It got so much up the first time I wondered if I had been sweeping at all. It seems to keep getting better the more it learns the layout of my house. It does have a problem getting back to its home. It takes a while for it to do a full clean but at least I’m not having to do it. The app worked fine for me. Some previous reviews said different. I didn’t have a problem setting up my app. I use the app instead of the remote. This little guy is a time savor for sure. I only worry how long it will last since I have to run him so much.,I'm not shocked at how well it does. It gets caught in places it's not supposed to once in a while and doesn't get under the cabinets until after it runs for about 30 minutes or so. I would recommend it, but don't expect it to work like a computer. It goes in randon directors until it goes over almost everything. For example, it will go under my couches and clean the carpets over and over, but not do as much under the cabinets or in the main walkways. At the end of the cycle it gets the job done though, so I don't have a complaint. It just has to completely run before it gets to all the necessary areas.,I use the Deebot every day to clean up dog hair and dirt on the main level of our house. I'm surprised how much it picks up. It rarely get's stuck, mostly on rug fringe. You have to stay up on cleaning out the dirt tray and picking the dog hair off the brush, but for a cleaning device that works on its own it means I have to get the vacuum cleaner out less often every week and the floor stays pretty clean all the time. I particularly like that it finds its way back to the recharging station on its own. A win win in my book!,Pretty mad it was on sale Black Friday 50 cheaper than what I bought it for a week before when it was claimed to be 25% off then but whatever should've went ahead and waited. It is great quality. My mom is so happy with it and the dogs love it too haha. Runs for 2 hours and it's almost full. It's very quiet too we watched a movie and I didn't even know it was on until it headed to it's little charging station that's right by the tv, This thing is legit. You'll be embarassed by the extra dirt/dust you didn't realize was there.I'll be ordering a 2nd one on the next lightning deal.,Good but dumb.Personally feel better than eufy and roomba.both functions and noise are between eufy and roomba.However you can set multiple of schedules as much as you wanted unlike roomba or eufy.As a pet owner this was big deal so it can clean my house at least twice a day. Also pet hair wont stick to its brush like eufy. And wont hit to furnitures or walls as much as roomba.This was pefect fit for my need.,It makes me happy, bouncing around the house cleaning my floors for me.  This is my second one as I gave my first to my son when he dogsat my heavily shedding Labrador.  Then I was less happy as the second did not work as well as my first.  I'm not aggressive  about warranties  and such and was outside the amazon return.  Ecovac sent an email asking if I was happy and I replied that I wasn't.  Cherry got back to me promptly and had me do some diagnostics, I hadn't realized that the main brush pops right out and a bunch of hair was wedged at the end.I am happy again!,I was so skeptical to buy being the price was a bit on the low side and i didn’t know the brand but i am so happy so i bought this. I went out on a limb and couldn’t be happier. I use this everyday usually twice. My kids loved it so much they named it “smarty pants”! It gets under furniture my vacuum can’t and furniture that i don’t really bother to care about cleaning under so that’s a bonus for me. I have 4 cats and 2 dogs so you can imagine the amount of pet hair i have a day along with 2 young children who love to play outside (hello dried dirt all over the floor!) “Smart pants” takes care of this all for me. I had to vacuum everyday and it was time consuming and annoying but not anymore! It’s so smart, hasn’t fallen down the stairs and can detect to clean around edges! Yes sometimes it gets stuck but i always have been able to easily pick it up and send it on it’s way!,Three weeks in and "Alice" as we call her is doing an amazing job. Two cats and the house is actually cat hair free for a change. Sometimes she gets suck on things so you need to have shoes, cables, or anything that could get stuck in the wheels out of the way. The app is simple. I created a schedule and she goes to work every day at 8am. Half the cost of a Roomba and does just as well.,Craped out and stopped working in just weeks. Worked great and I loved it when it worked. It cleaned areas hard to get to and did a great job and then went dead. Seems like the more it ran daily it got more familiar with the house. BUT it aloso got more aggressive in areas and would then start to get stuck under the kitchen counters when for weeks it never did that and this just got worse. I think they need to work more on its reliability. Sending it back and have to say I do miss it as when it worked it really did a Great job.,I have had the ECO for almost 2 weeks and i must say i am extremely pleased so far. I have hardwood floors throughout my home with many types of rugs thin and thick. This vac picks up better than my Bissell on all rugs. It has not had any problem going across the thick rugs at all. There are times i use the remote to re-direct BUT it picks up with no issues. I do still have to get the corners but i have a swifter I use to push the dirt and dust out so the vac can get it. I read many reviews for this model as well as the iRobot however, I did not want to spend tons of money on something that i wasn't sure would work well. These exceeded my expectation. I set up the app with ease as well as set up the vac with ease. Everyone in the house enjoys our new toy!!,Works fine but technology definitely needs refinement. It avoids black flooring which is inconvenient and the circuit path is quite redundant. Wish there was a way to program these items into the machine's routine. The blinking blue light while charging is also distracting and I wish there was a way to turn this off without having to turn off the machine. Overall does the job though and is great as a helper for picking up pet hair and day to day minor dust. Definitely not as powerful or thorough as a regular vacuum - the regular circuit avoids corners and walls which is a nice safety pre-caution, but then a lot of dust gets left behind unless you switch to the room wall function. The noise level is also not so bad.,This little buddy is AMAZING! Very easy to set up, use, and control. I haven't used my regular vacuum once since making this purchase. My German Shepherd is presently shedding every hair she possesses and this vacuum is a huge help! I usually run it once in the morning & once in the evening just to keep her big tufts of hair off the floor. It does get stuck if it goes under my entertainment center because there are a lot of cords underneath. Also it sometimes has trouble on my bathmats I think because they're so thick and they don't stay on the floor well. It does great though on my tile, carpet, & other area rugs. For sure, one of the best purchases I've ever made, especially for the price. You just can't beat it!,10/25/17  I wanted to add to my original review posted below.  Immediately after posting the review, I was contacted by ECOVACS Customer Service asking how they could help.  They provided some additional operation explanation which we tried.  Unfortunately this vac would not work for the second floor of our house.  HOWEVER The Customer Service for this company is by far the best I have worked with on any Amazon purchased I have made in the past 10 years.  I would rate them a 10 out of 5.  This is something that extremely few companies offer.  My recommendation would be to try it for your application knowing some of the potential downfalls.  With superior Customer Service people, you know that if it doesn't work, they will work with you to either fix it or accept it for return.  So you have nothing to loose.Original review:  We have used this vacuum for two months and have not been able to allow it to clean unattended.  This unit may work OK in a home this is not furnished, however in the average home the normal furniture causes it to get hung up constantly.  It does not appear to map the area it cleans, goes in a very haphazard manner and repeats itself.  We really haven't even looked at how it cleans because it is such a nuisance when we try to use it.  I would not recommend this unit for anyone, unless you have an unfurnished home with no obstructions.  Very disappointing.,When I purchased this vac I wasnt expecting much. I assumed the vac would do an adequate job and prevent me having to manually vacuum so often. Unfortunately it was worse then expected. The biggest issue is room navigation. The vac never made it out of the starting bedroom, spending an entire charge bouncing around the room until it returned to the charge station. I gave it several attempts but same result each time. It did do an ok job picking up debris from a hardwood floor. I wouldn't recommend this unit or really any unit without some type of slam or vslam. Skip this one and spend your money on a bot that does intelligent mapping.,I love the Deebot! I have vinyl floors and a dog that sheds. You can see every speck of fur! But not anymore. The Deebot picks it all up! I run it almost every day. I haven’t programmed it or even used the remote. I just sat it on the cradle to charge over night  and used the next day. It works like a champ. Except that sometimes it gets stuck in corners or tight places. One time it got stuck under my couch because my couch is so low to the ground. I got rid of the couch so I don’t have that problem anymore.  It will run for 2 to 3 hours before it needs a recharge. My floors are usually done in about two hours. And my square footage is about 1300 sqft. It truly saves me time and energy. It’s the best vacuum I have ever owned.  I have only had it for about six weeks  and I’ve had no problems. We’ll see how it does over the course of the next few months.,The Deebot N79 does a great job in picking up dog hair on my carpet. It also picks up dust well. I've only had it about a month but use it 2 or 3 times a week (different rooms each time). I'm not sure how long the battery is supposed to last on a full charge, but I only get about an hour and 15 to 30 minutes. That is more than enough time to do one room at a time but I wouldn't be able to do the whole house at one time. That is not a problem for me, I would do it one room at a time anyway.I would purchase this product again.,I really didn't expect much for the price. However, when I finally got it up and running, I was pleasantly surprised . I turned it loose in my living room (laminate) and it did a wonderful job of picking up debris. There is a learning curve, but for what it does, the price is really great. I moved it to the carpet,  on the upstairs level, and the results were just as impressive. I was horrified at the amount of dirt that it picked up in my kids rooms. For the price, this product is am excellent value. It far exceeds my expectations and I will recommend this to anyone that I know ! Great Product !, Have you ever gotten down on the carpet and looked at the edges and corners of your home? Seen build up dog hair, dust and who knows what else? Well I do. ECOVACS Deebot gets it all! I clean after a grown man and a 90lb puppy black Lab mix that Sheds like its noones business. I would spent 30-40mins every other day vacuuming just to give our home a semblance of tidiness... so much dog hair tho. When I first got the DeeBot I vaccimed the house with my regular home vaccume while it charged. Since then I have been running ECOVACS DEEBOT every morning Automatically at 10am, can’t be happier. I have ran it a couple extra times just for my own amusement. Very silent so it shouldn’t disturb the little ones napping at home.,So we got this for Christmas and three assembled generations have found it very amusing watching Deebot do its thing.  It fits under the sofa, tea trolley, and leather benches with ease.  It seems to pick up junk well and is pretty quiet.  It has not got stuck thus far and does a good job of picking up the various debris of post-Christmas carnage, even holiday glitter.  It can get up onto the carpets from the hardwood floors and cross room to room raised thresholds.  The idea of not having to vacuum was well recieved by all of us.  We all feel very "Jestson" but without any of Rosie the Robot's jip.,This is our first robotic vacuum purchase.  We are extremely impressed.  The vacuum traverses in a pseudorandom pattern around the room, periodically switching between straight line mode and edging mode.  After about an hour on Auto mode, I send the vacuum back to its dock.  I love emptying the waste bin and seeing all of the dust this thing picks up.  Who knew my house was so dusty?One slight negative - our kitchen floor is about 1" higher than the adjacent rooms.  The vacuum will usually get stuck when trying to "climb" into the kitchen.  We solved that problem by putting a physical barrier in front of the area while the vacuum is running.  Sometimes we also use the physical barrier to contain the vacuum to a particular room or hallway.,Vacuuming - goes on carpet and hardwood at the same time.  We love the lines we see when we walk in our house after work and see the work "Pigpen" has done. (Pigpen is the name we have given our vacuum).  It looks like someone has vacuumed for use - but it was just Pigpen.He will vacuum under our couch and chairs without getting stuck.Cleaning machine - dump container ever day and clean filters every other day.  All the cleaning is very easy and does not take very long.  When I clean the filters I will run them under water and then air dry them in the sun or over a register vent and they are ready to go the next morning.I talk about Pigpen all the time to my coworkers and family members, because it makes me so happy to come home to vacuum lines and then to see the amount of "Stuff" he picks up.,I am actually very disappointed in this unit. I read a ton of great reviews, and truthfully, I was expecting it to simply work. But, there are several serious short comings that are really frustrating.First off, it can never seem to find its way home. If it is more than 5 feet away from the charging station, when you set it to go him, it literally heads in the opposite direction. I have to pick it up and place it right in front of the station - seriously. every time.Second, it's more of a sweeper than a vacuum. It does pick up a lot of light dusty material and animal hair that is fluffy and on the surface of the floor, but does not do anything close to what I would call vacuum. It just doesn't. Perhaps the reason it's so quiet, is that it's not really sucking anything up.Third, it just loves to keep going straight into the one area of the room where it gets stuck. No kidding. As soon as I start it up, it heads across the room and gets stuck. Then when I use the remote to get it unstuck, it books out of the room and spends a half-hour in the hallway. I'm not really sure who programmed the path of this thing, but no matter what program we give it, it seems to only get about 1/3rd of the room.When I read all the reviews, I expected this thing to work. But, it's actually like a toddler - you have to keep an eye on, because it's quickly going to get into trouble.,I got this for the wife, myself and the cat for Christmas.  Seriously, 10 stars!  It sucks up everything and does a great job of hitting all the spots on the floor. Hardwood, carpet, cat hair, small debris, etc etc.  We have yet to have a single hiccup from it.  You do have to empty the floor debris from its bin often but that is PERFECTLY OK because it is sucking all the crud up and doing its job! My wife has trained the cat to ride on it briefly.  What a hoot.  We call it Rosie(Remember the Jetson's?)  Yes, it is a great purchase.  Just do it and thank me later.,UPDATE: After posting my review, customer device contacted me and gave me some tips to make my vacuum work better. It worked like a charm!!! It works so well now and I'm very pleased.  Wish I had reviewed it sooner!Worked okay for a bit. It constantly gets stuck on my really low-pile rug and it's now more of a nuisance to use than anything. I don't even use it anymore because it's such a hassle to constantly get it when it's stuck. It picks up dirt well, but it's just too annoying.,My parents have a Roomba and I figured I would try something else. This thing is straight dope, even with vacuuming 1-2 time per week with a standing vacuum, this thing was still able to pick shi* up! Would buy again no doubt!,Absolutely LOVE this thing! Our ranch home hardwood floors with some area carpets are a perfect fit for this little bot. My wife has been using swifters for years to get under the beds & couches but no more, this little guy cruises my entire home and so far has gotten to just about every nook & cranny. The side spinning brushes are an ingenious design. Excellent job EOVACS!,Wanted a Roomba because of family having them and trusting them, but decided to buy this one due to price point and have now had it for 5 months and for 2-3 months it has been bumping into walls when it should brace and slow down and not run right into them. It sometimes also goes crazy and when I turn it on it just spins rapidly in a circle and then it shuts off. I’ve always cleaned things out as the manual says to, and it hasn’t been used much in the last 2 months because it either won’t work, or my husband can’t stand it running into walls. I’ll be contacting the company to see what they can do.,Overall, I’ve been very impressed with the N79 given the price. It’s been one of those rare purchases where, now that I have this product in my life, I feel like everyone needs to have one. It really excels at pulling pet hair and dust out of area rugs or carpeting. And it offers an “Auto” mode that is actually more intelligent than you’d expect.Now that DEEBOT has shown me the huge potential of automated vacuum bots, I do want to mention a few items that could use improvement. First, it would be difficult to schedule your N79 to start running without supervision, unless you routinely clear your floors beforehand of any cords, toys, etc. The optical sensors often struggle to identify slightly raised objects on the floor, increasing the likelihood that the N79 will get stuck and require manual intervention. Second, the sensors often misinterpret beams of sunlight as “drop-offs” which causes the N79 to back away from, and altogether avoid, areas cast with sunbeams. Third, buyers need to be aware that regular cleaning of the N79’s underside components is crucial for keeping it functional. This manual cleaning is a dusty, messy task – and it would be amazing if a “Self-cleaning” mode could be developed.I’m looking forward to future updates to this model by DEEBOT, but I have no doubt that most folks will enjoy the N79, as I have.,So I have tried the 890 Irobot Roomba, and a less expensive  Irobot. By far the Ecovac is the best of the three for mid-level price.It has the same suction power as the Irobot Roomba, but it's more quiet and you can direct it --either by arrows or you can tell it to focus on one room (with barriers) do edges or focus on a particular dirty spot. Whereas with the Irobot Roomba, it just navigates based on bumping into things(it eventually does a very thorough job but for $300 more!). The Ecovac does the same work for less than $300. The less expensive robot kept getting stuck every 5 min. on carpet and other items. the Ecovac moves right past most obstacles. The only problems I have had are some difficulties with syncing with my phone(I just use the remote control which works fine) and it takes it a while to find its home doc--as long at 10 min. But, overall I REALLY like this cleaner. My floors look great and sometimes I forget it's running--it's so quiet. Good buy!,I am in love!  This is my NEW BEST friend!  I would not advise running it when not around because it has gotten under a few things and was not able to get out so if I had not been near to retrieve it then would not have finished its job. But all in all, it does a great job and I would highly recommend it.  I run it daily, cleaning the filter and bin after each use but I do vacuum with my regular vacuum cleaner once weekly to get a more thorough cleaning and to get the hard to get to areas that the Bot can't reach.,4 ferrets, 6 dogs, 3 guinea pigs, 2 cats. This robot vacuum has made my life so much easier. I was having to vacuum every day after work, which also revolves around animals, so life is just pet hair & debris. Now I can come home, turn on Deebot, & get something else done while it vacuums for me. Easy to set up. I was worried about getting any other vacuum that wasn’t the famous “Roomba,” but now I’m for sure I was just being a brand whor* & made the right choice by choosing this vacuum. Works just as well as a roomba, at a better price!,LOVE THIS VACUUM!!!! As a RA and Fibro suffer, this is a wonderful addition to our home, I LOVE having a clean home, but physically, nowadays it is too much on me to VACUUM everyday!!! Now, I can have my home clean and not be in pain from doing the manual labor!!! I don't know what I ever did without this vacuum!!! Also, time saving, when I am busy doing other things, this great little robot gets the job done!!!,I love this vacuum!  People would tell me how a Roomba was a can't-live-without product.  So I bough the 980 model with 3 towers.  I used the Roomba over 200 times, and it must have found home base 5.I have used this about 50 times, it has found home base 49 times, and the battery lasts about 2.5 hours.One thing I did have to do (since this will only be on a single story) and because I have some carpet with black circles that it won't go over as it thinks its a ledge, I had to cover the sensors with white tape (reflective tape or foil paper) wouldn't work - but clear white boxer's finger's tape did the trick.,UPDATE: Ecovacs contacted me right after my review and is working with me to trouble shoot the vacuum and has said they will replace it if nothing works. Great customer service! Which matters so much more than receiving a dud.We've had it for two months and it stopped holding a charge. It only runs for 10 minutes before it dies. Can't even make it back to its base. We were very happy initially but it should last much longer than two months.,We set AUTO vacuum 3-4 times a week. We have laminated and tile floors, Vacuum works great for pet hair (small Lab) and children cheerios.  2 Cons - The front brush hairs break/tangle easy with my metal vents in my floors.(Will update how long they last, haven't replaced them yet.) - The only cleaning options that works for us is the Auto. All the other options like edge, spot, and room are pointless. But some how it covers the entire 1,100 sq ft floor and does a good job in one battery charge. We just pick up toys and stuff before we leave for work, push AUTO then we come home to a clean vacuumed floor. It has never gotten stuck!!. We do pick up our chairs and benches but that takes 2 seconds. I just wish it would record or remember our floor plan, It is not a "smart" unit. It doesn't learn your house and follow a path, instead its all random different actions. . I do empty tray after every use and untangle hairs in roller about every week.,I did a lot of research on this ahead of time, and trusted a product review website that may, in retrospect, have gotten some kickback from this relatively unknown brand. I had borrowed a friend's old Roomba ahead of time to see what I thought of robotic vacuums. Although hers was a much older model, it still worked better than this. What it boils down to is that there is a reason why all of these are generically called "Roombas". They invented the product, have mastered it, and have therefore become a household name. If you are going to spend this much on a vacuum, just go ahead and buy yourself a Roomba. There's a reason why you've never heard of Ecovacs before.,I am so in love with this thing! I have a German Shepard and have to vacuum at least once a day to not be embarrassed when company comes. Three times if I want to walk barefoot...I haven't pulled out my vacuum since this came 3 days ago lol! Now I'll have to pull out the vacuum once a week to get the places this couldn't like stairs.I can finally walk barefoot again!!!! Best $200 I've ever spent! The app is amazing too!,This thing is fantastic! We bought it on Black Friday for my sisters Christmas gift and she LOVES it! It was about half the price of my Roomba but came with so much more! The two main selling points are the smartphone connected app as well as how quiet it is! Wish I could return my Roomba for one of these guys. Cleans wonderfully!,After just a few days, I have been repeatedly shocked how dirty our house becomes. We own a Dyson DC40, have 2 small dogs, and a baby. This has made our downstairs hard floors perfect clean and suitable for any crawling around that LO wants to do, and saves us at least 30-40 minutes a day of dragging the vacuum around. The Dyson will still come out occasionally to get the rough to reach spots, but by and far this little guy does a better job that I normally would since it can run for nearly 2 hours on a single charge.,We have all tile floors and this does an awesome job on them.  We no longer use the stick vac.  There is one dog that sheds all the time.  Also ladies long hair.  I run this every other day and clean out the dust bin each time.  Long hair gets wrapped in the beater brush like any vacuum, so take a little time to clean this and the filters every other week.  It has only gotten stuck on round cables 1/2 inch thick or more.  It always finds its way home.  I now actuall like my dog again.,"Rosie," named after the Jetson's robot, is cheerfully zooming around my feet as I write this.I run her for about 45 minutes every other day and am always amazed at what a great job she does. The proof is in the emptying of her dust bin, which is always FULL after a cleaning.Rosie rarely gets stuck, cleans under chairs and furniture I never would, and with a little sweeping out of corners by me, makes the floor sparkle.This was maybe the best $200 bucks I ever spent!,Never thought a vacuum could be greatness, but this one is. It started to clean the first day we got it. We let it run for awhile and then stopped it and cleaned out the dirt holder. Look at the picture. Did we not vacuum or sweep for the past 10 years? Nope, it just picked up that much in just an hour or so. I have it set to come on at 9:00 every morning. The very next day it picked up about the same amount of dog & cat hair and dirt. Really, we aren't that dirty but I guess the animals shed a lot more than I thought.It was a little louder than I first thought. I tried to have it come on at 3:00 am, but it woke me up. It really isn't that loud, but I guess I'm a light sleeper.Overall it's a great product. I have had it running for the past three or four days and it does an awesome job!,I love how quiet and fast this thing is, but I'm overall disappointed with its performance. Unlike my other robot vacuum this one is a sweeper. It uses brushes to sweep up dust rather than vacuum it up.We have about 1500 feet of laminant flooring and it does ok on there, but when it comes across a carpet or through rug it's not so good. It struggles on rugs and is useless in any room with carpet.Sadly, I would not buy this sweeper if I had to do over again.,My wife and i both bought this product for a steal of a deal during Cyber Monday and got it right away. We bought it based on the many good reviews as well as comparing to other robot vacuums. The product works amazing, cleans well. VERY IMPRESSIVE!Once we got it, we read the manual, watch videos to understand how it works. The process to learn this takes a few minutes and its very easy and simple to set it up. We downloaded the app, set up the robot vacuum on our phones, let it fully charge and then put it to work. We are very happy with the product. Just amazing and we are planning on buying a second one to have upstairs.Our house is about 2200 square feet and i saw that the robot vacuum literally cleans the entire downstairs in about 15 minutes. Then it does it over and over, giving the house a fresh and clean look. NO MORE VACUUMING FOR US. The robot takes care of it., I've been using it for last 3 months and pretty much runs daily at mid-night and so far its good. It helps cleaning up my dog's hair and does its job for day to day cleaning. This is NOT my primary vaccum clenaer, and I bring out my main one for heavy duty cleaning.,This little guy is MVP at our house. No,it doesn't have space recognition but he runs around for a few hours and by chance picks ups most if not all the dirt on our hardwood floors. You will have to remove anything he could get caught up on out of the way such as cords and cat toys. He can be programmed to run on a schedule. We work him on full time at three times a day (he picks up a kitten worth of fur almost every day!) He's not whisper quiet but for the price I cant argue with the results. It frees up time for us and that's something priceless.,Not really sure how this thing got a good review. Pay a little extra and get a name brand. Lesson learned on my part. Item is scheduled to be returned.UPDATE.Returned item, placed an order for another. Received order worked once. And, no shock does not work anymore!!!!!!DO NOT BUY THIS VACUUM!!!!!!,I had a self-caused problem with my Deebot.  I cleaned it, put it in the dock, then later decided to double check the cleaning, turned it off, put it back into the dock.  It would not leave the dock.  I called the company and contacted them through Amazon.  The techs called within 5 minutes.  We walked through the problem.  He told me to check to see that the Deebot was on.  It was not.  I turned it on, and it's now roaming the house, picking up dog hair.  I felt foolish, but the tech was very nice.  Great customer service.  Love the product.,It took a little while for me to get the confidence to use it, but now I love it!  I initially had problems setting up the WiFi connection -- the instructions are not the greatest, but with a little trial and error I think I've got it working.  The only problem is that I have is that because my house is on a single level, I have to block off areas - otherwise the unit will try to do the entire house!  But I'm doing like a room every other day or so and it's working great.  I am especially pleased that it picks up animal fur around the edges/corners.  I normally have problems even with my Dyson in picking up the stuff from the tight areas, but the side brushes on the DEEBOT routinely pick up the stuff.  I was surprised at the level of dust, etc. that it picks up.  I have to empty it every time I use it.  My recommendation for the future -- make the unit less high so that it can fit under cabinets, etc., that are less than 3 inches high -- most of my furniture has a clearance of a little less than 3 inches so it doesn't get under them.  But under the beds - WOW!,I was skeptical on getting one of these, but after research, customer reviews, decided on this one. Contacted customer and asked many questions, and they replied right away. So we decided to get one and try it. About a month now, this lil guy works incredibly well. I have a top notch vacuum cleaner, can do all my floors and send this Deebot out and can't believe what my other one left behind. It has very high suction, and moves along swiftly.  I have many pets. Litter and hair are not an issue at all!!!! Love the fact I can control it with my smart phone as well as programming it to do my floors before I even get home!!!! If I could give it more than 5 stars I would.,Purchased this a few weeks ago and it has worked great.  It is true with some reviews that it doesn't detect dark objects and tends to run into them.  That's the only glitch I've seen so far, except for my husband letting it run without keeping an eye on it and it gets stuck under the bed or treadmill and sits until the battery runs out!  It's amazing the stuff it picks up for such a little machine.  I already bought my kids one and am online now to buy my parents one for Christmas.  It has saved so much time and back pain!,We have been using our Deebot for a few weeks now and LOVE IT!!!  We are fostering a Brittany Spaniel that sheds a lot.  I run it once a day on our hard floors in the living room, dining room, entry and hall ways - it has significantly reduced (almost eliminated) the hair that was everywhere.  The only issue we've had is that it gets stuck under our kitchen and bathroom cabinets.  So we have to watch it closely or just not run it in those rooms.  Would definitely recommend.  Very happy!,Vacuum works great. Only issues are with phone App...programmed it for alternate days but it still comes on every day at set time. Hint: clean bin every day since it picks up a lot. Put all loose wires out of its way since it can hang it up, also strong enough to pull everything off the table when it attaches to a cord!In retrospect, I should have sprung for the next higher level just for the remote features and water tank for mopping.If it could climb the waste basket and empty itself I would give it 6 stars...LOL,Absolutely love this machine. It picks up almost all the dirt. I use it on the daily basis. I have 2 kids and there is always dirt everywhere.  It goes over my living room rug fine. Because I use it so mu h I do have to empty it every day and will probably have to change the filter more often than others. The only thing I would say is meh about it is once I push for it to go back to charging dock it takes forever to go back but that may be because I have it in the back room.,Used to have the top-of-the-line robotic vacuum but couldn't afford to replace it.  This Deebot works just as well, long lasting battery and easy to clean and maintain.  Didn't know I had that much pet fur in the carpeting but it's sure picking it up.,I've named mine Rosie like on the Jetsons 😊 I have a tri level home and our second level is the high traffic area. We've got concrete floors and low pile accent rugs and I think this thing cleans amazing... My dog isn't a fan but boy does it really clean her hair up. I haven't had to sweep my floors since I got Rosie. It even knows to stop at the top of the stairs.... love love love!!!!